http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Los_Angeles_International_Airport Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy_International_Airport Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/LaGuardia_Airport Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Barcelona–El_Prat_Airport Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dallas/Fort_Worth_International_Airport Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Perth_Airport Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Curaçao Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Malawi Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nigeria Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Georgia_(country) Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Serbia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lebanon Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Norway Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bulgaria Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Poland Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Malta Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Turkey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tunisia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_Zealand Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peru Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Estonia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Canada Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Venezuela Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/El_Salvador Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Costa_Rica Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Uzbekistan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Singapore Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Turkmenistan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Italy Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sierra_Leone Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jordan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tajikistan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Republic_of_Macedonia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thailand Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Afghanistan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Comoros Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yemen Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Czech_Republic Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Netherlands Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Republic_of_Ireland Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ghana Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Iran Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Somalia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Burundi Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/American_Samoa Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Guinea-Bissau Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Maldives Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scotland Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bahrain Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ethiopia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cameroon Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jersey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Iceland Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bolivia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/United_States_Virgin_Islands Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Moldova Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Faroe_Islands Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hungary Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Germany Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sudan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tanzania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Luxembourg Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Madagascar Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Croatia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anguilla Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Belize Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Democratic_Republic_of_the_Congo Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/France Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Iraq Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cape_Verde Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Myanmar Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/India Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Burkina_Faso Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Togo Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/South_Africa Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Angola Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/United_Kingdom Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mozambique Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Guatemala Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Slovenia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brazil Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Qatar Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Samoa Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nicaragua Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Niger Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paraguay Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Switzerland Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Belarus Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Soviet_Union Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cuba Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Romania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rwanda Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Central_African_Republic Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eritrea Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dominican_Republic Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/China Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kenya Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oman Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kyrgyzstan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bangladesh Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Gambia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Latvia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cambodia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Israel Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Puerto_Rico Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ecuador Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kiribati Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tonga Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Uganda Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pakistan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lithuania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Uruguay Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ivory_Coast Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Philippines Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wales Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Grenada Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cyprus Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sri_Lanka Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Libya Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/United_Arab_Emirates Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Haiti Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Guyana Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_Caledonia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Liberia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Azerbaijan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Malaysia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brunei Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/East_Timor Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Albania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kosovo Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kuwait Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mauritania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Bahamas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colombia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mexico Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Botswana Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dominica Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kazakhstan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vietnam Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Quebec Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Australia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Algeria Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Spain Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hong_Kong Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Finland Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Austria Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Benin Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chile Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Zambia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Republic_of_the_Congo Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nepal Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Zimbabwe Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Suriname Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Russia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Saudi_Arabia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aruba Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Syria Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Slovakia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jamaica Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Indonesia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Equatorial_Guinea Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Macau Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oklahoma Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/East_Germany Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vanuatu Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Honduras Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Barbados Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gabon Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Egypt Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/South_Korea Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Belgium Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Palau Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Djibouti Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Armenia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Greenland Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mauritius Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/North_Korea Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Papua_New_Guinea Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Liechtenstein Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Panama Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mongolia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Laos Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bhutan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Japan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Northern_Ireland Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Montenegro Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Denmark Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Argentina Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Greece Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/United_States Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ukraine Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Second_Polish_Republic Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/British_Virgin_Islands Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gibraltar Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Isle_of_Man Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Monaco Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/San_Marino Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dutch_Republic Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nazi_Germany Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Senegal Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andorra Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mali Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nauru Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Namibia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/South_Sudan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/West_Germany Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cabeça_do_Cachorro Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hungarian_People's_Republic Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Saint_Barthélemy Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Zanzibar Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kingdom_of_the_Netherlands Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sweden Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Morocco Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Swaziland Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lesotho Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vatican_City Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Idaho Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Minnesota Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Upper_Austria Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Schleswig-Holstein Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Languedoc-Roussillon Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kanagawa_Prefecture Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nebraska Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mississippi Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/South_Vietnam Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roman_Empire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Empire_of_Japan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/French_Third_Republic Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alaska Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Limburg_(Netherlands) Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nova_Scotia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Punjab,_Pakistan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brandenburg Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fiji Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Emilia-Romagna Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rio_Grande_do_Sul Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Orange_Free_State Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/French_First_Republic Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Qing_dynasty Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Guangdong Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Saxony-Anhalt Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Florida Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Swedish_Empire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Queensland Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cebu Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kingdom_of_England Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wisconsin Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Russian_Soviet_Federative_Socialist_Republic Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Connecticut Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tennessee Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Habsburg_Monarchy Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kingdom_of_France Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Italy Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_Hampshire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mandatory_Palestine Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Korea Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lazio Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Salzburg_(state) Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aquitaine Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Haryana Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/North_Holland Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Portugal Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kerala Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Spanish_Empire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Uttar_Pradesh Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Republic_of_Venice Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rhode_Island Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Portugal Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roman_Republic Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fukuoka_Prefecture Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Buenos_Aires_Province Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/British_Empire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Coimbatore_district Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Delaware Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sichuan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joseon Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hokkaido Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alabama Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Manitoba Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hunan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Himachal_Pradesh Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rhineland-Palatinate Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mughal_Empire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Veneto Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/County_Dublin Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/German_Empire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vermont Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Second_French_Empire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Montana Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Byzantine_Empire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/North_Vietnam Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/North_Brabant Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Moscow_Oblast Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lower_Normandy Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alberta Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hebei Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/England Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Maryland Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ontario Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colorado Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Punjab,_India Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kentucky Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Socialist_Federal_Republic_of_Yugoslavia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Canton_of_Bern Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Khyber_Pakhtunkhwa Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Normandy Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Czechoslovakia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_Mexico Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ukrainian_Soviet_Socialist_Republic Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sicily Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bihar Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Australian_Capital_Territory Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Great_Britain Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/First_French_Empire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Confederate_States_of_America Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nord-Pas-de-Calais Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Prussia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/North_Carolina Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Hungary_(1920–46) Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kagoshima_Prefecture Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jalisco Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Taiwan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Georgia_(U.S._state) Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Crown_of_Aragon Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Province_of_Rome Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/British_Raj Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Minas_Gerais Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Apulia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Romania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Louisiana Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Maine Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Upper_Normandy Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hiroshima_Prefecture Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Province_of_Palermo Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Holy_Roman_Empire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sindh Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/County_Galway Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Iowa Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rajasthan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Union_of_South_Africa Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Electorate_of_Saxony Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hawaii Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lower_Saxony Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Delhi Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/South_West_England Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/North_Dakota Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/East_of_England Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_Jersey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Campania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Austria-Hungary Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Province_of_Brescia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Maharashtra Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/South_Holland Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Virginia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Sardinia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Texas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ottoman_Empire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pennsylvania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/British_Columbia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/West_Java Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/West_Midlands_(region) Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hesse Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/County_Kilkenny Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tyrol_(state) Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_Brunswick Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wyoming Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oregon Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/County_Waterford Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Groningen_(province) Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bavaria Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Piedmont Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/South_Carolina Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Province_of_Milan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Uttarakhand Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Russian_Empire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Balochistan,_Pakistan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Utrecht_(province) Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jiangsu Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gelderland Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Illinois Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Scotland Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Madhya_Pradesh Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Washington_(state) Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Missouri Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michigan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/County_Meath Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Hungary_(1526–1867) Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tuscany Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Massachusetts Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arizona Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/North_West_England Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thuringia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andhra_Pradesh Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aichi_Prefecture Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arkansas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Landgraviate_of_Hesse-Kassel Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Greece Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/South_East_England Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Weimar_Republic Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Catalonia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Naples Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/County_Cork Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vaud Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lombardy Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Osaka_Prefecture Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nevada Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Burgundy Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/County_Limerick Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kansas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/West_Virginia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Zhejiang Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Austrian_Empire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dominion_of_New_Zealand Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mongol_Empire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hubei Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Victoria_(Australia) Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Province_of_Como Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Odisha Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Umbria Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Karnataka Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Prince_Edward_Island Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Utah Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Province_of_Barcelona Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Indiana Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Saskatchewan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Prussia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Styria Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Saxony Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tel_Aviv Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dresden Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Maastricht Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Heathrow_Airport Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Logan_International_Airport Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sofia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sydney_Airport Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leipzig Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stockholm Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Riga Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stavanger Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Trieste Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dortmund Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vilnius Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Belfast Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sabah Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bailiwick_of_Guernsey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Saint_Lucia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yugoslavia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Budapest Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Baku Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cape_Town Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Boise,_Idaho Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Saint_Paul,_Minnesota Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Linz Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kiel Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Port-au-Prince Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Montpellier Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Hague Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Caracas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Copenhagen Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yokohama Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tashkent Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dublin Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tokyo Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lincoln,_Nebraska Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jackson,_Mississippi Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ho_Chi_Minh_City Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Milan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paris Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kabul Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Constantinople Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Monrovia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cardiff Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Juneau,_Alaska Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Accra Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Halifax,_Nova_Scotia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lahore Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Potsdam Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Suva Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bologna Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Porto_Alegre Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kingston,_Jamaica Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bloemfontein Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Beijing Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Guangzhou Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Magdeburg Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jacksonville,_Florida Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brisbane Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cebu_City Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dakar Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Westminster Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Madison,_Wisconsin Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Saint_Petersburg Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hartford,_Connecticut Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nashville,_Tennessee Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Prague Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Amman Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Florence Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Concord,_New_Hampshire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jerusalem Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pyongyang Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rome Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Salzburg Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bordeaux Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chandigarh Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Amsterdam Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bratislava Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Versailles,_Yvelines Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rio_de_Janeiro Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thiruvananthapuram Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Toledo,_Spain Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lucknow Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Venice Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Edinburgh Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Providence,_Rhode_Island Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lisbon Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fukuoka Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/La_Plata Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Seoul Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/London Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Berlin Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Coimbatore Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wilmington,_Delaware Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chengdu Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sapporo Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tehran Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Montgomery,_Alabama Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Moscow Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Winnipeg Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vienna Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Changsha Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shimla Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mainz Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bonn Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Panama_City Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Agra Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Albany,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Haarlem Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Burlington,_Vermont Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ravenna Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ljubljana Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bangkok Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Helena,_Montana Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Skopje Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_Delhi Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hanoi Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anchorage,_Alaska Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Quebec_City Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eindhoven Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Zagreb Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Caen Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bridgeport,_Connecticut Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Edmonton Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tianjin Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Annapolis,_Maryland Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Islamabad Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Toronto Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Freetown Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Denver Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frankfort,_Kentucky Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Damascus Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dhaka Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Belgrade Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ankara Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bern Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peshawar Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mogadishu Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Beirut Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rouen Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Santa_Fe,_New_Mexico Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kharkiv Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Palermo Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Turin Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Patna Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Canberra Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kyoto Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sacramento,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tirana Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lille Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jakarta Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tunis Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Georgetown,_Guyana Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paramaribo Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Raleigh,_North_Carolina Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kagoshima Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Guadalajara Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Taipei Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Atlanta Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Barcelona Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tartu Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chennai Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Belo_Horizonte Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bari Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wellington Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colombo Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Minsk Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bucharest Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Baton_Rouge,_Louisiana Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Omaha,_Nebraska Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Augusta,_Maine Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nicosia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Memphis,_Tennessee Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Winchester Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hiroshima Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Regensburg Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Karachi Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Galway Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Des_Moines,_Iowa Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Havana Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Warsaw Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jaipur Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pretoria Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Honolulu Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Washington,_D.C. Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hanover Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Plymouth Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bismarck,_North_Dakota Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Buenos_Aires Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cambridge Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Phnom_Penh Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Trenton,_New_Jersey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Louisville,_Kentucky Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Naples Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brescia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mumbai Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Quito Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kuwait_City Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rotterdam Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richmond,_Virginia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/San_Juan,_Puerto_Rico Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Austin,_Texas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harrisburg,_Pennsylvania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Victoria,_British_Columbia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bandung Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Birmingham Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wiesbaden Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kilkenny Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mexico_City Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Innsbruck Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fredericton Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Portland,_Maine Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lima Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cheyenne,_Wyoming Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Salem,_Oregon Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Waterford Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kampala Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Groningen Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Munich Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Baghdad Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Columbia,_South_Carolina Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Los_Angeles Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dehradun Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Quetta Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Utrecht Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nanjing Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arnhem Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Springfield,_Illinois Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cairo Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Billings,_Montana Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bhopal Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Olympia,_Washington Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kansas_City,_Missouri Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lansing,_Michigan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kiev Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tallahassee,_Florida Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Limerick Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Boston Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kolkata Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Phoenix,_Arizona Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ottawa Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Valletta Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Manchester Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Erfurt Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Montevideo Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hyderabad Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nagoya Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Birmingham,_Alabama Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Little_Rock,_Arkansas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kassel Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Athens Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Guildford Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Doha Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Newark,_New_Jersey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Algiers Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Manchester,_New_Hampshire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Montpelier,_Vermont Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cork_(city) Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Liverpool Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rabat Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lausanne Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yerevan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Osaka Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tallinn Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carson_City,_Nevada Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dijon Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wichita,_Kansas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charleston,_West_Virginia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hangzhou Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/City_of_London Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nairobi Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Riyadh Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Topeka,_Kansas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Helsinki Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Portland,_Oregon Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tbilisi Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wuhan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Melbourne Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kathmandu Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Como Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jefferson_City,_Missouri Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bhubaneswar Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Perugia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bangalore Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charlottetown Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Santo_Domingo Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Salt_Lake_City Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nassau,_Bahamas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bristol Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Istanbul Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oklahoma_City Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Indianapolis Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Regina,_Saskatchewan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Graz Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oslo Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Albuquerque,_New_Mexico Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cook_Islands Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Single_Euro_Payments_Area Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Western_Cape Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Autonomous_Republic_of_Crimea Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Varanasi Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wallachia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eastern_Cape Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brussels Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Northwest_Territories Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nunavut Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kanpur Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thrissur Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Srinagar Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yukon Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Indore Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/French_Polynesia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cayman_Islands Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vojvodina Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Martinique Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Seychelles Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aargau Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bermuda Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nagpur Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tuvalu Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Palestinian_National_Authority Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Bulgaria Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rhodesia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Guam Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Falkland_Islands Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Moldavia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Commonwealth_of_Nations Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ireland Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Devon Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Royal_Air_Force Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/East_India_Company Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Axis_powers Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ethiopian_Empire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Church_of_Jesus_Christ_of_Latter-day_Saints Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Provisional_Irish_Republican_Army Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kuomintang Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Patriot_(American_Revolution) Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Enlightenment_in_Spain Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Communist_Party_of_China Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Israel_Defense_Forces Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Early_modern_France Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hezbollah Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hamas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/House_of_Bourbon Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Transylvania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hamburg Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Somerset Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Macedonia_(ancient_kingdom) Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Federated_States_of_Micronesia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Western_Australia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Saskatoon Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_South_Wales Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Coventry Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hot_Springs,_Arkansas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/San_Mateo,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Norman,_Oklahoma Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shreveport,_Louisiana Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stockport Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paddington Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/London_Borough_of_Camden Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Allentown,_Pennsylvania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stockton,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Halle_(Saale) Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Salford,_Greater_Manchester Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Edmonton,_London Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_York_City Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chesterfield Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brooklyn Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Split,_Croatia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lambeth Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Madrid Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Detroit Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fullerton,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hammersmith Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aberdeen Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mecca Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Glasgow Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Buffalo,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Monterrey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vicenza Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Crawley Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Huntington,_West_Virginia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Manhattan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Northampton Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bangor,_Gwynedd Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chicago Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oakland,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hilversum Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Miami_Beach,_Florida Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_Haven,_Connecticut Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Torquay Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/London_Borough_of_Enfield Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Akron,_Ohio Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Duluth,_Minnesota Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Bronx Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hitchin Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Southport Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pittsburgh Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bolton Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Queens Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/San_Francisco Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Swindon Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harlem Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Buckinghamshire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Parkersburg,_West_Virginia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chester Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nottingham Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ipswich Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Compton,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bloomington,_Indiana Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/West_Chester,_Pennsylvania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Montreal Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bellshill Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yangon Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lewisham Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/London_Borough_of_Newham Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mississauga Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_Orleans Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Youngstown,_Ohio Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Walsall Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brixton Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mangalore Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lorain,_Ohio Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bromley Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Waltham,_Massachusetts Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aylesbury Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sheffield Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Middlesbrough Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marin_County,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oldham Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Beverly,_Massachusetts Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carlisle,_Cumbria Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Doncaster Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Abidjan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Minneapolis Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Poole Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Philadelphia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rockford,_Illinois Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Southampton Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lowell,_Massachusetts Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Romford Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thousand_Oaks,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bedford Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Santa_Monica,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harrow,_London Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wakefield Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paisley,_Renfrewshire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Amritsar Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Houston Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Irvine,_North_Ayrshire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scunthorpe Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shrewsbury Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Newcastle_upon_Tyne Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harlow Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Camberwell Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mount_Vernon,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leeds Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/South_Bend,_Indiana Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kensington Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Islington Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chelmsford Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oxford Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hampstead Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary,_Indiana Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leicester Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/St._Louis Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Waterbury,_Connecticut Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Meridian,_Mississippi Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Newton,_Massachusetts Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Springfield,_Massachusetts Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Exeter Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Basingstoke Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Helsingborg Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nantes Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/City_of_Westminster Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Burbank,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Seattle Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Basel Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Royal_Oak,_Michigan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kenosha,_Wisconsin Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fort_Wayne,_Indiana Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lyon Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hollywood Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Augusta,_Georgia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brighton Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wolverhampton Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/San_Bernardino,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marseille Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aachen Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Columbus,_Georgia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/London_Borough_of_Hackney Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Norfolk,_Virginia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/London,_Ontario Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kingston_upon_Hull Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hackensack,_New_Jersey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Baltimore Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Burton_upon_Trent Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sydney Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Huddersfield Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Inverness Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vancouver Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Reading,_Berkshire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/El_Paso,_Texas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Laguna_Beach,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Berkeley,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dordrecht Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Long_Branch,_New_Jersey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lakewood,_Ohio Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stockton-on-Tees Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charleston,_South_Carolina Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bradford Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/San_Diego Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Swansea Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/West_Bromwich Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hemel_Hempstead Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cologne Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Orange_County,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Folkestone Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alexandria Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dundee Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rosario,_Santa_Fe Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Crewe Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sioux_Falls,_South_Dakota Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Solihull Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cedar_Rapids,_Iowa Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thessaloniki Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Beverly_Hills,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rotherham Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Los_Angeles_County,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sunnyvale,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/White_Plains,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/West_Palm_Beach,_Florida Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Greenwich,_Connecticut Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Evanston,_Illinois Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gateshead Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adelaide Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Woodland_Hills,_Los_Angeles Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Barrow-in-Furness Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Croydon Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kingston,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Macclesfield Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Long_Island Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Barnsley Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Warrington Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kingston,_Ontario Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cambridge,_Massachusetts Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Norwich Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/San_Antonio Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Derbyshire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kinshasa Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Derry Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bryn_Mawr,_Pennsylvania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ghent Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Livorno Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pomona,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/North_Hollywood,_Los_Angeles Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Astoria,_Queens Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chatham,_Kent Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oak_Park,_Illinois Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Haverhill,_Massachusetts Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Flint,_Michigan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Treviso Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stuttgart Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anaheim,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scarborough,_North_Yorkshire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Plainfield,_New_Jersey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marietta,_Georgia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peterborough Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Newport,_Wales Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hampton,_Virginia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Greenwich Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Salinas,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/County_Durham Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fontana,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Miami Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Riverside,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Melbourne,_Florida Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alton,_Illinois Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stepney Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Halifax,_West_Yorkshire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wigan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tyler,_Texas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Newport_Beach,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Warren,_Ohio Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Koblenz Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hastings Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Epsom Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cincinnati Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cleveland Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Worcester,_Massachusetts Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lagos Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/St_Helens,_Merseyside Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charlottesville,_Virginia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Blackburn Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Savannah,_Georgia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Macon,_Georgia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brownsville,_Texas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dallas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Luton Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Darlington Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oxnard,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Grants_Pass,_Oregon Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/San_Rafael,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Flushing,_Queens Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paterson,_New_Jersey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Syracuse,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wrexham Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bury_St_Edmunds Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Modesto,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Douala Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Burnley Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Highland_Park,_Illinois Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Madurai Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Newport_News,_Virginia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Glendale,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Saginaw,_Michigan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lviv Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chiswick Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Teaneck,_New_Jersey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Blackpool Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tulsa,_Oklahoma Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sherman_Oaks,_Los_Angeles Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neath Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jamaica,_Queens Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/St_Albans Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sedona,_Arizona Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hoboken,_New_Jersey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Portsmouth,_Virginia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kansas_City,_Kansas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scarborough,_Toronto Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alexandria,_Virginia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Taunton Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brantford Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Santa_Clara,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Morristown,_New_Jersey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Columbus,_Ohio Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Santa_Barbara,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tupelo,_Mississippi Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Staten_Island Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hartlepool Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wandsworth Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pontefract Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kettering Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_Westminster Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Birkenhead Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Racine,_Wisconsin Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Essex Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colorado_Springs,_Colorado Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aldershot Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bochum Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Canton,_Ohio Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Downey,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kuala_Lumpur Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Reading,_Pennsylvania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kingston_upon_Thames Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Porto Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Red_Bank,_New_Jersey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Grimsby Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thunder_Bay Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dorchester,_Boston Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Greenville,_South_Carolina Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peoria,_Illinois Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bayonne,_New_Jersey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marylebone Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stratford-upon-Avon Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lawrence,_Massachusetts Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/East_Orange,_New_Jersey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Windsor,_Ontario Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Saint_John,_New_Brunswick Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kirkcaldy Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ilford Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ulm Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Milwaukee Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Springfield,_Missouri Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Decatur,_Illinois Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harrogate Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fort_Worth,_Texas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Geneva Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hamilton,_Ontario Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stirling Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/South_Shields Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Decatur,_Georgia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Abilene,_Texas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/San_Luis_Obispo,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Glen_Cove,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Santiago Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bath,_Somerset Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Toledo,_Ohio Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Athens,_Georgia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Spokane,_Washington Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paducah,_Kentucky Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Springfield,_Ohio Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Middlesex Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/York,_Pennsylvania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Maidstone Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bury Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Perth_Amboy,_New_Jersey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pune Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Owensboro,_Kentucky Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Palm_Springs,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alameda_County,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Port_of_Spain Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bethlehem,_Pennsylvania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mansfield Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Grand_Rapids,_Michigan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Strasbourg Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Canterbury Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Elgin,_Illinois Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Concord,_Massachusetts Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gainesville,_Florida Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stoke-on-Trent Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Covington,_Kentucky Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Quincy,_Massachusetts Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lafayette,_Indiana Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kochi Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fairfield,_Connecticut Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Long_Beach,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rocky_Mount,_North_Carolina Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Culver_City,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Guelph Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sarnia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yakima,_Washington Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/San_Jose,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_London,_Connecticut Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bellevue,_Washington Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ann_Arbor,_Michigan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tacoma,_Washington Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fremantle Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Palo_Alto,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Belleville,_Ontario Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_Brunswick,_New_Jersey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Calgary Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Johannesburg Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lexington,_Kentucky Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Portsmouth Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Monza Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Exeter,_New_Hampshire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Winston-Salem,_North_Carolina Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Port_Arthur,_Texas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bremen Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frankfurt Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Perth,_Scotland Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Watford Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scranton,_Pennsylvania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kobe Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Schenectady,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Parma Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tampa,_Florida Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fort_Lauderdale,_Florida Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ealing Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pasadena,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sutton_Coldfield Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Longview,_Texas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Orange,_New_Jersey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Trinidad Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Escondido,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dunedin Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lancaster,_Lancashire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Falls_Church,_Virginia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Irvine,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Boulogne-Billancourt Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Norwalk,_Connecticut Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dewsbury Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Petersburg,_Virginia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dunfermline Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Grenoble Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lynwood,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bethesda,_Maryland Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Muskegon,_Michigan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Waco,_Texas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cheltenham Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Szczecin Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mannheim Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Knoxville,_Tennessee Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pittsfield,_Massachusetts Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Passaic,_New_Jersey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wollongong Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chattanooga,_Tennessee Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fulham Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bournemouth Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Quincy,_Illinois Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chichester Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oceanside,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Orlando,_Florida Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Corpus_Christi,_Texas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jamestown,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Midland,_Texas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dover Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Siena Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wimbledon,_London Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Norristown,_Pennsylvania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Padua Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lincoln,_England Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rockville,_Maryland Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Johnstown,_Pennsylvania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Suffolk_County,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nassau_County,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hamilton,_South_Lanarkshire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Uppsala Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Launceston,_Tasmania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cheshire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Las_Vegas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sarajevo Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Greensburg,_Pennsylvania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Perth Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/County_Wicklow Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gloucestershire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chipping_Barnet Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Valdosta,_Georgia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Appleton,_Wisconsin Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sarasota,_Florida Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Missoula,_Montana Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chapel_Hill,_North_Carolina Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Livingston,_New_Jersey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Coral_Gables,_Florida Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wilkes-Barre,_Pennsylvania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/County_Down Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Penzance Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Elizabeth,_New_Jersey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Salisbury Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Worcester Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Auckland Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dayton,_Ohio Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pisa Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rock_Island,_Illinois Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Middletown,_Connecticut Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Waukegan,_Illinois Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Redwood_City,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Guatemala_City Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chelsea,_London Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Newmarket,_Ontario Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Boulder,_Colorado Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Staunton,_Virginia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stamford,_Connecticut Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Newport,_Rhode_Island Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kilmarnock Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Reno,_Nevada Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yonkers,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Huntington,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hattiesburg,_Mississippi Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nashua,_New_Hampshire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gulfport,_Mississippi Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Merced,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ames,_Iowa Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/La_Jolla Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steubenville,_Ohio Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mountain_View,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Malibu,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Breda Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Englewood,_New_Jersey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fresno,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Turku Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Albany,_Georgia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Haifa Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ferrara Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Burnaby Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sialkot Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_Rochelle,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Heidelberg Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ogden,_Utah Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Southend-on-Sea Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Natchez,_Mississippi Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Trondheim Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Montclair,_New_Jersey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Asheville,_North_Carolina Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Santiago_de_Cuba Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Biloxi,_Mississippi Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gloucester Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Freiburg_im_Breisgau Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bremerton,_Washington Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Genoa Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anniston,_Alabama Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Monmouth_County,_New_Jersey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Concord,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Franklin,_Tennessee Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Metz Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Plano,_Texas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nottinghamshire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Princeton,_New_Jersey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nice Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Terre_Haute,_Indiana Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hereford Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Champaign,_Illinois Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Durban Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leamington_Spa Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Silver_Spring,_Maryland Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rochdale Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kitchener,_Ontario Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fargo,_North_Dakota Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lynn,_Massachusetts Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hildesheim Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eureka,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Casablanca Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Inglewood,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richmond,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bulawayo Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lewiston,_Maine Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chester,_Pennsylvania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Waukesha,_Wisconsin Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tarzana,_Los_Angeles Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ventura,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Summit,_New_Jersey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bowling_Green,_Kentucky Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Westport,_Connecticut Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pontiac,_Michigan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leiden Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tuscaloosa,_Alabama Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Odense Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tucson,_Arizona Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arlington_County,_Virginia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Everett,_Washington Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/St._Catharines Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/St._Joseph,_Missouri Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jalandhar Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jersey_City,_New_Jersey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Whittier,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Great_Yarmouth Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/San_Pedro,_Los_Angeles Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Reims Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Braunschweig Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Santa_Ana,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/West_Orange,_New_Jersey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brampton Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Belleville,_Illinois Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Niagara_Falls,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ponce,_Puerto_Rico Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Worthing Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bloomington,_Minnesota Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nancy,_France Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Staffordshire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Van_Nuys Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Morgantown,_West_Virginia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wilmington,_North_Carolina Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kankakee,_Illinois Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Independence,_Missouri Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Salem,_Massachusetts Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Woking Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Troy,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bergamo Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Studio_City,_Los_Angeles Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Galveston,_Texas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Augsburg Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rochester,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mansfield,_Ohio Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brookline,_Massachusetts Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Southfield,_Michigan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Davenport,_Iowa Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Catania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wheeling,_West_Virginia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Saitama_Prefecture Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Virginia_Beach,_Virginia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lawton,_Oklahoma Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Verona Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Antwerp Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bay_City,_Michigan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marrakesh Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ocala,_Florida Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gothenburg Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Northampton,_Massachusetts Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kumasi Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Durham,_England Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lund Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Muskogee,_Oklahoma Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fayetteville,_Arkansas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Darwin,_Northern_Territory Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Newcastle,_New_South_Wales Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peterborough,_Ontario Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lafayette,_Louisiana Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Williamsburg,_Virginia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harare Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Northamptonshire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/High_Wycombe Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Royal_Tunbridge_Wells Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fairfax,_Virginia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bakersfield,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Daegu Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ventura_County,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bozeman,_Montana Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Busan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Elmira,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hayward,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Modena Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Greenville,_Mississippi Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ithaca,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fort_Myers,_Florida Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Green_Bay,_Wisconsin Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ludhiana Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Toowoomba Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ashford,_Kent Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hamilton,_Ohio Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Traverse_City,_Michigan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Allahabad Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scottsdale,_Arizona Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vallejo,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/St._Petersburg,_Florida Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kansai_region Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Asia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Essen Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Greater_Manchester Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/South_America Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Quezon_City Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Washtenaw_County,_Michigan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tasmania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Caribbean Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/West_Yorkshire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wayne_County,_Michigan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Atlantic_Ocean Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/British_Isles Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/North_America Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Antilles Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Minato,_Tokyo Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Central_Europe Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shanghai Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/County_Wexford Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Albany_County,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Porter_County,_Indiana Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bergen_County,_New_Jersey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Europe Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hampshire_County,_Massachusetts Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Palm_Desert,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Centre_County,_Pennsylvania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Africa Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bohemia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Contra_Costa_County,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Weber_County,_Utah Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rockland_County,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Santa_Rosa,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Munster Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Baltimore–Washington_metropolitan_area Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eastern_Europe Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Allegany_County,_Maryland Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rostock Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kelowna Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carmarthen Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Santa_Clara_County,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Berkshire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rensselaer_County,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Key_West,_Florida Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Middle_East Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Java Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hampden_County,_Massachusetts Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Snohomish_County,_Washington Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alsace Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cuyahoga_County,_Ohio Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fort_Collins,_Colorado Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_County,_Florida Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Veracruz Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Middlesex_County,_Massachusetts Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/San_Francisco_Bay_Area Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bruges Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colchester Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chiyoda,_Tokyo Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lancashire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lists_of_World_Heritage_Sites_in_Europe Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shrine_Auditorium Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Summit_County,_Ohio Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Washington_County,_Oregon Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Greater_Los_Angeles_Area Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Santa_Cruz,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chiapas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sierra_Nevada_(U.S.) Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Franklin_County,_Ohio Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/East_Asia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/East_Sussex Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Binghamton,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hammond,_Indiana Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Worcester_County,_Massachusetts Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pacific_Ocean Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kent Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Genesee_County,_Michigan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cook_County,_Illinois Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oahu Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neuilly-sur-Seine Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bexar_County,_Texas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cannes Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cumberland_County,_Maine Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stark_County,_Ohio Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Essex_County,_Massachusetts Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/North_Yorkshire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Portland_metropolitan_area Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Redding,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ulster_County,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mono_County,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tarrant_County,_Texas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Essex_County,_New_Jersey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hawaii_County,_Hawaii Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/East_Lansing,_Michigan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Orange_County,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pantages_Theatre_(Hollywood) Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Saginaw_County,_Michigan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/East_Riding_of_Yorkshire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oakland_County,_Michigan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Independent_city_(United_States) Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Middlesex_County,_New_Jersey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nuremberg Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Honshu Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/St._Clair_County,_Illinois Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hertfordshire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Collin_County,_Texas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Passaic_County,_New_Jersey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kern_County,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Surrey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_York_metropolitan_area Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kaohsiung Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/La_Crosse_County,_Wisconsin Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/El_Paso_County,_Colorado Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oswego,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Broward_County,_Florida Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_England Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hudson_County,_New_Jersey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/East_Coast_of_the_United_States Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Seattle_metropolitan_area Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richmond,_Indiana Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dallas_County,_Texas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lehigh_County,_Pennsylvania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Beaufort,_South_Carolina Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cobb_County,_Georgia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mediterranean_Sea Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sonora Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alkmaar Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/West_Midlands_(county) Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/South_Yorkshire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/North_Rhine-Westphalia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Contiguous_United_States Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/San_Mateo_County,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Allen_County,_Indiana Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eugene,_Oregon Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Weld_County,_Colorado Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sacramento_County,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hampshire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Litchfield_County,_Connecticut Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Westchester_County,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oceania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cairns Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Duisburg Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/North_Island Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/College_Park,_Maryland Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Makati Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jackson,_Michigan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Merseyside Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/San_Bernardino_County,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Maricopa_County,_Arizona Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oxfordshire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Warwickshire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chatham_County,_Georgia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lancaster_County,_Pennsylvania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Manhattan,_Kansas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Garland,_Texas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hudson_River Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Murfreesboro,_Tennessee Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Staples_Center Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/West_Sussex Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fredericksburg,_Virginia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ticino Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jefferson_County,_Alabama Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Amherst,_Massachusetts Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Glendale,_Arizona Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fairfield_County,_Connecticut Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Greenville_County,_South_Carolina Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pierce_County,_Washington Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Auburn,_Alabama Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Washington_County,_Maryland Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/West_Bengal Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Miami_metropolitan_area Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Milwaukee_County,_Wisconsin Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Denton_County,_Texas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Zürich Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charlotte,_North_Carolina Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tijuana Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Multnomah_County,_Oregon Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Columbia,_Maryland Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yavapai_County,_Arizona Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mobile,_Alabama Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Orange,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Trumbull_County,_Ohio Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Westmoreland_County,_Pennsylvania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lesser_Antilles Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Menlo_Park,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vancouver,_Washington Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wiltshire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_Orleans_metropolitan_area Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Towson,_Maryland Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/McLennan_County,_Texas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Monroe_County,_Florida Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Baltimore_County,_Maryland Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Suffolk Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/North_Sea Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Southeast_Asia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Plymouth_County,_Massachusetts Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hartford_County,_Connecticut Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/College_Station,_Texas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/DeKalb_County,_Georgia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Earth Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Geelong Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hillsboro,_Oregon Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Clark_County,_Nevada Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marion_County,_Oregon Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hempstead_(village),_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Caribbean_Sea Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chico,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Spartanburg_County,_South_Carolina Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cambridgeshire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/San_Diego_County,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leinster Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hilo,_Hawaii Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Greenville,_North_Carolina Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Davis,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chihuahua_(state) Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Montgomery_County,_Ohio Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lincolnshire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/South_Dakota Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ingham_County,_Michigan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Easton,_Pennsylvania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Prescott,_Arizona Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brockton,_Massachusetts Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bernalillo_County,_New_Mexico Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tuolumne_County,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Utica,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Monroe,_Louisiana Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Monterey,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/East_Java Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marburg Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lackawanna_County,_Pennsylvania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Montgomery_County,_Maryland Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bendigo Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Galveston_County,_Texas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Flagstaff,_Arizona Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/South_Island Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Riverside_County,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mendocino_County,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/McLean_County,_Illinois Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Solano_County,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Linn_County,_Iowa Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fremont,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Muncie,_Indiana Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Picardy Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Americas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Macomb_County,_Michigan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Camden_County,_New_Jersey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Putnam_County,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arlington,_Texas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Augusta_County,_Virginia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Teton_County,_Wyoming Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Takoma_Park,_Maryland Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Friuli-Venezia_Giulia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Darmstadt Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dearborn,_Michigan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Montgomery_County,_Pennsylvania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joliet,_Illinois Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hobart Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Huntsville,_Alabama Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Monterey_County,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/County_Laois Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Northern_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Valais Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/King_County,_Washington Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lake_County,_Indiana Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_Castle_County,_Delaware Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lubbock,_Texas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mercer_County,_New_Jersey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Altoona,_Pennsylvania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Champaign_County,_Illinois Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cupertino,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alachua_County,_Florida Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ramsey_County,_Minnesota Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Coconino_County,_Arizona Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marion_County,_Florida Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jena Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shelby_County,_Tennessee Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frederick,_Maryland Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lake_County,_Illinois Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Licking_County,_Ohio Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Washington_County,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Santa_Cruz_County,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Delaware_County,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Suffolk_County,_Massachusetts Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wood_County,_Ohio Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Delaware_County,_Pennsylvania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Larimer_County,_Colorado Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Denton,_Texas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Indian_Ocean Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lawrence,_Kansas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fairfax_County,_Virginia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/City_of_Preston,_Lancashire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Buncombe_County,_North_Carolina Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Grand_Forks,_North_Dakota Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danbury,_Connecticut Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kalamazoo,_Michigan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Iberian_Peninsula Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Greater_St._Louis Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Durham,_North_Carolina Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Loudoun_County,_Virginia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Central_Java Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Greater_London Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dutchess_County,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Polk_County,_Iowa Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stearns_County,_Minnesota Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Valencia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chicago_metropolitan_area Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Greensboro,_North_Carolina Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Santa_Barbara_County,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Karlsruhe Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kyushu Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harbin Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Camden,_New_Jersey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Burlington_County,_New_Jersey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Metro_Manila Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/South_Australia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alameda,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oswego_County,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danville,_Virginia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Norfolk Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Butte_County,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Humboldt_County,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Townsville Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adriatic_Sea Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Auburn,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Province_of_Turin Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aurora,_Illinois Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dubai Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Atlantic_County,_New_Jersey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Boulder_County,_Colorado Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/McLean,_Virginia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/St._Augustine,_Florida Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jefferson_County,_Ohio Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hawaiian_Islands Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Blair_County,_Pennsylvania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rockingham_County,_New_Hampshire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christchurch Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/West_Bank Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jackson_County,_Michigan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cumbria Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marion_County,_Indiana Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Logan,_Utah Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Medford,_Massachusetts Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anne_Arundel_County,_Maryland Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Greene_County,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hennepin_County,_Minnesota Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jefferson_County,_Kentucky Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/West_Hollywood,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Spokane_County,_Washington Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pinellas_County,_Florida Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hanover,_New_Hampshire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nijmegen Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Litchfield,_Connecticut Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Williamsport,_Pennsylvania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cattaraugus_County,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Plovdiv Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/St._Louis_County,_Missouri Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sonoma_County,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chautauqua_County,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hagerstown,_Maryland Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/London_Borough_of_Tower_Hamlets Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Selangor Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bergen Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gold_Coast,_Queensland Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frederick_County,_Maryland Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dorothy_Chandler_Pavilion Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cascade_Range Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kitsap_County,_Washington Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tompkins_County,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Guilford_County,_North_Carolina Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yorkshire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/County_Tipperary Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Duval_County,_Florida Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Provo,_Utah Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_London_County,_Connecticut Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Iowa_City,_Iowa Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stanford,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kane_County,_Illinois Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Imperial_County,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Howard_County,_Maryland Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shandong Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pawtucket,_Rhode_Island Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leicestershire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Niagara_County,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lane_County,_Oregon Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cass_County,_North_Dakota Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tempe,_Arizona Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lexington,_Virginia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Union_County,_New_Jersey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Claremont,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/La_Crosse,_Wisconsin Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Espoo Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fulton_County,_Georgia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hunterdon_County,_New_Jersey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Placer_County,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cayuga_County,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/County_Antrim Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fort_Bend_County,_Texas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dorset Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Palm_Beach_County,_Florida Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bristol_County,_Massachusetts Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Visalia,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Odessa Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Butler_County,_Ohio Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Portsmouth,_New_Hampshire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tulare_County,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brevard_County,_Florida Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Clearwater,_Florida Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hillsborough_County,_New_Hampshire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_Haven_County,_Connecticut Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Windsor,_Berkshire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Essex_County,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sussex Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Waterloo,_Ontario Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Erie_County,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fauquier_County,_Virginia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Columbia,_Missouri Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bucks_County,_Pennsylvania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Erie,_Pennsylvania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Providence_County,_Rhode_Island Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Monroe_County,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Prince_William_County,_Virginia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Prince_George's_County,_Maryland Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wexford Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Salt_Lake_County,_Utah Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Greenwich_Village Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Orange_County,_Florida Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bilbao Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/DuPage_County,_Illinois Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cameron_County,_Texas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wake_County,_North_Carolina Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sullivan_County,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scott_County,_Iowa Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Deschutes_County,_Oregon Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Madison_County,_Alabama Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lucas_County,_Ohio Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pulaski_County,_Arkansas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cache_County,_Utah Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Volusia_County,_Florida Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gwinnett_County,_Georgia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Travis_County,_Texas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cornwall Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Will_County,_Illinois Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Truro Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Morris_County,_New_Jersey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/St._Charles_County,_Missouri Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hamilton_County,_Ohio Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cambria_County,_Pennsylvania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mobile_County,_Alabama Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Calaveras_County,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Overijssel Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Northampton_County,_Pennsylvania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Merced_County,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lynchburg,_Virginia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Davidson_County,_Tennessee Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Luzerne_County,_Pennsylvania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Liguria Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/San_Luis_Obispo_County,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wheaton,_Illinois Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pensacola,_Florida Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nevada_County,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Torrance,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Santa_Fe_Province Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Waukesha_County,_Wisconsin Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danville,_Kentucky Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shropshire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Collier_County,_Florida Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/State_College,_Pennsylvania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Redlands,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Northern_Territory Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Berkshire_County,_Massachusetts Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Johnson_County,_Iowa Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Surrey,_British_Columbia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/St._Cloud,_Minnesota Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/City_of_Winchester Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Onondaga_County,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/San_Salvador Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/El_Dorado_County,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dane_County,_Wisconsin Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sedgwick_County,_Kansas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Norfolk_County,_Massachusetts Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rhine Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Province_of_Cagliari Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Irving,_Texas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lancaster,_Pennsylvania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/County_Clare Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yakima_County,_Washington Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Spartanburg,_South_Carolina Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Taunton,_Massachusetts Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chongqing Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/County_Kildare Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Utah_County,_Utah Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Niagara_Falls,_Ontario Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Avignon Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Warren_County,_New_Jersey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kent_County,_Michigan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Medford,_Oregon Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eastbourne Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charleston_County,_South_Carolina Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Broome_County,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gettysburg,_Pennsylvania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/West_Hartford,_Connecticut Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oklahoma_County,_Oklahoma Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Plumas_County,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bellingham,_Washington Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Berks_County,_Pennsylvania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mahoning_County,_Ohio Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andover,_Massachusetts Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Monroe_County,_Pennsylvania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gujarat Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cumberland,_Maryland Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/KwaZulu-Natal Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/St._Louis_County,_Minnesota Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shasta_County,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gwynedd Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bloomington,_Illinois Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Grafton_County,_New_Hampshire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Penobscot_County,_Maine Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/State_of_Mexico Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Portage_County,_Ohio Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oneida_County,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lake_Charles,_Louisiana Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Liaoning Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cremona Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Warren_County,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Beaufort_County,_South_Carolina Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Greater_Boston Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Montgomery_County,_Texas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kanawha_County,_West_Virginia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Southern_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lycoming_County,_Pennsylvania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fresno_County,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Santa_Fe_County,_New_Mexico Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Naples,_Florida Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alps Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Basilicata Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Polk_County,_Florida Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bangor,_Maine Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/St_Andrews Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bend,_Oregon Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/San_Joaquin_County,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dauphin_County,_Pennsylvania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pietermaritzburg Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shizuoka_Prefecture Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Boca_Raton,_Florida Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chester_County,_Pennsylvania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Siskiyou_County,_California Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Seville Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sangamon_County,_Illinois Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Clark_County,_Washington Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Newburgh,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tampere Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sardinia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Columbia_County,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harris_County,_Texas Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lower_Hutt Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/North_Africa Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Glens_Falls,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Washoe_County,_Nevada Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/County_Kerry Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Las_Cruces,_New_Mexico Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Corvallis,_Oregon Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Plymouth,_Massachusetts Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peoria_County,_Illinois Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gotha Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Poughkeepsie,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Outagamie_County,_Wisconsin Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Battle_Creek,_Michigan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Saratoga_County,_New_York Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jackson_County,_Missouri Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hamilton_County,_Tennessee Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Whatcom_County,_Washington Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Northumberland Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/York_County,_Pennsylvania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Merrimack_County,_New_Hampshire Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Clackamas_County,_Oregon Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sussex_County,_New_Jersey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Northridge,_Los_Angeles Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Winchester,_Virginia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mecklenburg_County,_North_Carolina Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Naperville,_Illinois Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Albemarle_County,_Virginia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jackson_County,_Oregon Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Natchitoches,_Louisiana Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scandinavia Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pima_County,_Arizona Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Allegheny_County,_Pennsylvania Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Madison_County,_Illinois Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Urbana,_Illinois Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hillsborough_County,_Florida Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sauk_County,_Wisconsin Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lexington_County,_South_Carolina Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kennebec_County,_Maine Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Moscow,_Idaho Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gloucester_County,_New_Jersey Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ypsilanti,_Michigan Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Confederate_States_Army Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/United_States_Army Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Australian_Army Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Solomon_Islands Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Church_of_England Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Union_Army Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/United_States_Navy Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Slade_School_of_Fine_Art Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Somerville_College,_Oxford Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Newnham_College,_Cambridge Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Antioch_College Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Moscow_Conservatory Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Florida_International_University Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kenyon_College Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Washington_University_in_St._Louis Place
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Margrethe_II_of_Denmark Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Elizabeth_II Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_E._Lee Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Independent_politician Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Prince_Philip,_Duke_of_Edinburgh Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Donald_Trump Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thomas_Jefferson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Madison Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ulysses_S._Grant Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jacob_Zuma Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Felipe_VI_of_Spain Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andrew_Jackson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Don_Johnson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nancy_Pelosi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_Henry_Harrison Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Monroe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Abraham_Lincoln Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Marshall Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Norman_Borlaug Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andrei_Kanchelskis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Van_Johnson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Katherine_Heigl Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Verity_Lambert Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chiang_Kai-shek Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_Wilson_(footballer,_born_1960) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steven_Seagal Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Donal_Murphy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charles_Band Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hayden_Christensen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Albert_Einstein Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yves_Ma-Kalambay Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mel_Gibson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Claire_Forlani Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nicky_Ajose Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_A._Garfield Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dave_Reeves Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Powell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eriq_La_Salle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Byrne_(footballer,_born_1961) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marc-Antoine_Fortuné Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wayne_Cegielski Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matthew_Broderick Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dally_Duncan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eric_Lichaj Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Goodson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tim_Van_Patten Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bas_Savage Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chinese_Americans Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Walter_Novellino Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ferenc_Puskás Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Daryl_McMahon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Taylor_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tress_MacNeille Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Franco Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Cross_(footballer,_born_1950) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alberto_Aquilani Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Best Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kári_Árnason_(footballer,_born_1982) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Geraldine_Chaplin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Davis_(footballer,_born_1911) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ben_Folds Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/J._K._Simmons Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Maynard_Keynes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Swailes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Giuseppe_Rossi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Péter_Gulácsi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Igor_Tomašić Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Beagrie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Axl_Rose Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dianne_Wiest Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eddie_Izzard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nassar Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Dourdan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jon_Daly_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Kernaghan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Walter_Brennan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joe_Pantoliano Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bipasha_Basu Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Johnny_Crossan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Henri_Michel Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stephen_Fry Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joan_Baez Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oprah_Winfrey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arie_Haan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Randy_Quaid Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ben_Burtt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Parsons Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Oldfield_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Liam_Chilvers Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alexander_von_Humboldt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marlon_Jackson_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Albert_Lee Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matt_O'Mahoney Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_Porterfield Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cyril_J._Mockridge Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Spillane_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alfred_North_Whitehead Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Watson_(Canadian_soccer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mary-Louise_Parker Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ewan_McGregor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_W._Bush Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Woo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jay_Emmanuel-Thomas Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jérémie_Aliadière Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Delroy_Lindo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Morley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Diego_Perrone Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neil_Lennon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ashley_Judd Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Logan_(writer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Bosman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lana_Turner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harry_Morgan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Burrows Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kari_Wahlgren Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jayne_Mansfield Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stevie_Crawford Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pat_Scully Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shaquille_O'Neal Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tim_Parkin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Silvestri Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neil_Wood Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mike_Bryan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jennifer_Coolidge Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Willem_Dafoe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cameron_Diaz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sheryl_Crow Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bruno_Mars Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jane_Fonda Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Iain_Turner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jack_Reynolds_(footballer,_born_1869) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Santiago_Vergini Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Weller Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Henry_David_Thoreau Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neil_Ross Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anton_Yelchin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Curtis_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kulbhushan_Kharbanda Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Falk Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Taylor_(footballer,_born_1987) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marco_Amelia Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dan_Aykroyd Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Petraeus Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Miodrag_Anđelković Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Miriam_Margolyes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Roxburgh Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Josip_Broz_Tito Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Russian_Americans Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Liv_Tyler Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jean_Smart Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Barbara_Stanwyck Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ruth_Prawer_Jhabvala Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rob_Page Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nenê_(footballer,_born_1981) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Mellencamp Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andrew_Crofts_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Ronson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carl_Medjani Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Matheson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rôni Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nicklas_Bendtner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Ackerman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fabrice_Fernandes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/José_Júnior Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Spacey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jô Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Clive_Platt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jon_Harley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nery_Castillo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Carradine Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Milch Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Iván_Kaviedes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mandy_Moore Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Diego_Placente Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aristotle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_R._R._Martin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tomasz_Kuszczak Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bora_Milutinović Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cliff_Robertson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Terrence_Malick Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_McQueen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Buscemi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Utada_Hikaru Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Mundell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joe_Baker Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wilf_Toman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Greg_Downs_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Trevor_Horn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arthur_Wellesley,_1st_Duke_of_Wellington Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Raymond_Burr Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Billy_Lane_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jackson_Mendy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sting_(musician) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hulk_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alex_Borstein Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Connie_Willis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jessica_Alba Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adam_Ant Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alfred_Newman_(composer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ossie_Davis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Juelz_Santana Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Donovan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Pitt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alex_Glen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dimitris_Papadopoulos Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Capaldi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joshua_Kennedy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anatole_Litvak Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jeff_Wealands Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marco_Beltrami Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Warren_G._Harding Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nathaniel_Hawthorne Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Elton_John Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wayne_Dyer_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richie_Ryan_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yo-Yo_Ma Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Curtis_Davies Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Derek_Jeter Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gélson_Fernandes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Malkovich Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jorge_Cadete Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jeff_Daniels Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sandy_Powell_(costume_designer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Giuseppe_Aquaro Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matías_Fernández Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Susan_Sarandon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Lillis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brody_Jenner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kim_Kardashian Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brian_Lloyd Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Newton_Howard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Finnigan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Clive_Walker Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kristen_Stewart Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thomas_Ian_Nicholas Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Franck_Rolling Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carl_Regan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eileen_Atkins Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christian_Bassila Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rachael_Leigh_Cook Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Kilbane Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Harrison Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Megan_Fox Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Miller_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roddy_McDowall Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Blair Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nicky_Nicolau Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paddy_Kenny Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ted_Haworth Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joe_Jordan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rita_Wilson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Djimi_Traoré Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Manuel_da_Costa_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mike_Myers Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_Maddix Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Petty Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rashida_Jones Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bob_Marley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_James Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gabriel_Heinze Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Emanuele_Del_Vecchio Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joan_Cusack Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Elvis_Presley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Davide_Xausa Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joan_Allen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Boateng Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Houseman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charles_Lang Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Gatiss Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Zlatan_Ibrahimović Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christian_Wilhelmsson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sam_Ricketts Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Luigi_Ferrero Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vince_Vaughn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Noth Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alec_Chamberlain Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Luci_Christian Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Grisman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Federico_Fellini Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dwight_D._Eisenhower Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_Powell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Iago_Falque Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Simon_Vukčević Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stan_Collymore Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roger_Savage Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Zsa_Zsa_Gabor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christopher_Samba Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Basil_Rathbone Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Schirripa Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wassily_Leontief Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nicky_Weaver Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hugh_McAuley_(footballer,_born_1976) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tommy_Casey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bea_Arthur Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jimmy_Page Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Curtis_Woodhouse Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gozie_Ugwu Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Justin_Spitzer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lukas_Jutkiewicz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Enzo_Maresca Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Milan_Purović Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Billy_Clarke_(footballer,_born_1987) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joe_Lewis_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brittany_Murphy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/C._N._R._Rao Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brendan_Moloney Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Craig_Brewster Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alexandre_Dumas Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charles_M._Schulz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Day Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nathan_Oduwa Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rob_Matthews_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rajiv_van_La_Parra Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Tierney_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Clayton_McDonald Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sean_Bean Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Laura_Linney Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alex_von_Schwedler Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Edgar_Allan_Poe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Glenn_Murray Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Mokone Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aleksandar_Rodić Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Katrina_Bowden Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Horlock Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michele_Di_Piedi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frank_Tashlin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christopher_Wreh Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Angie_Dickinson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Wilson_(English_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Benjamin_Howard_Baker Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Martin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jim_Melrose Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rob_Lowe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roy_Bicknell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Asmir_Begović Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brooke_Shields Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jason_Alexander Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Geoffrey_Lewis_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oleh_Koshelyuk Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Van_Morrison Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Hibbert Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Brown_(footballer,_born_1977) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Palmer_(singer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sheldon_Leonard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Hume Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Dhawan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jay_Chou Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fred_Armisen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wyatt_Cenac Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vincent_Piazza Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brian_Wilson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Alda Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adam_Eckersley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shawn_Pyfrom Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jean-Claude_Darcheville Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Claude_Berri Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ki_Sung-yueng Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cory_Doctorow Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mary_Steenburgen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Crane_(producer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Isabelle_Adjani Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_Power Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Harris_(footballer,_born_1917) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bill_Cosby Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Teri_Hatcher Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ryan_Cresswell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robin_Gibb Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jon_Vitti Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Patrick_Vieira Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Betty_Grable Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roberto_Martínez Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jonathan_de_Guzmán Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Garin_Wolf Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Quentin_Tarantino Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/House_of_Oldenburg Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marcus_Gayle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_McLoughlin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jonathan_Hunt_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leslie_Nielsen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ben_Harper Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yann_Tiersen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michelle_Pfeiffer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marcus_Richardson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brad_Friedel Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/LeVar_Burton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Travis_Tritt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mounir_El_Hamdaoui Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Wahlberg Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jamie_Hand Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/J._R._R._Tolkien Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/M._Emmet_Walsh Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Branford_Marsalis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eyal_Berkovic Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Béla_Guttmann Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eugen_Bopp Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Reiziger Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Les_Wilkins Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Abdeslam_Ouaddou Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Melvyn_Douglas Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_Harrison Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Junior_Agogo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roger_Deakins Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Timothy_Spall Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Crossley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andwélé_Slory Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gavin_Gunning Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steven_Tyler Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sabri_Lamouchi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dan_Gargan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Quinn_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nathan_Fillion Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colleen_Dewhurst Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Uwe_Rösler Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Meehan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lauren_Graham Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Darren_Ward_(footballer,_born_1974) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ja_Rule Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Johann_Smith Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Daniel_Fernandes_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Raynor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jason_van_Blerk Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bartholomew_Ogbeche Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Heath_Ledger Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pascal_Chimbonda Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Junichi_Inamoto Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anthony_Kiedis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jamie_O'Hara_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Patrick_Boyle_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Meredith_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Monica_Rial Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jake_Shimabukuro Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Chopra Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Cotterill Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Douglas_MacArthur Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ray_Wood Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frank_Welker Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Emilio_Estevez Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Val_Kilmer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ben_Hutchinson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nick_Nolte Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brendon_Small Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ryan_Kirby Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_McNeice Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ivan_Reitman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ruud_Geels Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Howard_Forinton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Trevor_Morgan_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_John_Evans Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bert_Powell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Francisco_Lima Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bruce_Dern Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jennifer_Lopez Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robin_Williams Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dirk_Lehmann Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tim_Cahill Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alexandros_Tziolis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brian_Geraghty Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Chester Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tyra_Banks Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charles_Rangel Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oscar_Hammerstein_II Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Billie_Holiday Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jason_Robards Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ennio_Morricone Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stephen_Kelly_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Osvaldo_Ardiles Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Justina_Machado Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bradley_Whitford Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Maury_Chaykin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alec_Baldwin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marco_Negri Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Phil_Ramone Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Idris_Elba Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Niblo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Johnny_Mercer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marcus_Haber Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paulo_Sousa Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kiefer_Sutherland Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scott_Paterson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jimmy_Miller_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ben_Stein Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gene_Wilder Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Keith_Houchen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carl_Sagan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ljubo_Milicevic Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Collins_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Henrik_Ibsen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Seydou_Keita Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carmine_Gautieri Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ralf_Dahrendorf Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Facundo_Roncaglia Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mila_Kunis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Cook_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jerry_Orbach Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Emily_Robison Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Oghani Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Miguel_Ferrer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oliver_Hardy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Julie_Bowen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jeri_Taylor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nathan_Lowndes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Guy_Madjo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ned_Beatty Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Artur_Jorge_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bobby_Kellard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alfie_Potter Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ruth_Gordon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leon_Schlesinger Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dean_Saunders Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Chamberlain Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charles_de_Gaulle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eddie_Albert Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carole_Bayer_Sager Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Kerry Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Collins_John Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Elliot_Grandin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tim_Matheson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bruno_N'Gotty Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roger_Waters Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joan_Crawford Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_De_Luca Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oumar_Kondé Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Graham_Brown_(footballer,_born_1944) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jun_Fukuyama Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Emile_Kuri Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rolland_Courbis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Diego_Forlán Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matthew_Morrison Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dave_Beasant Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ben_Burgess Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kieran_McAnespie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/B._J._Novak Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jamie-Lynn_Sigler Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Josh_McQuoid Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alexander_Golitzen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jamie_Kennedy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thomas_Hardy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roberto_Di_Matteo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bernardo_Bertolucci Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neal_Trotman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carlos_Tevez Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Patrick_O'Neal_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Fairbrother Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Morgan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Iain_Glen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Milt_Franklyn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stephen_Hughes_(footballer,_born_1982) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mubarak_Wakaso Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lauri_Dalla_Valle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/R._D._Burman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Krisztián_Németh Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jerry_Garcia Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Paskin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kathryn_Joosten Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_White_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tim_McGraw Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Irving_Thalberg Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Albert_Jarrett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sanjeev_Kumar Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tamás_Priskin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Krisztián_Vadócz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_Huston Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Betts Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rishi_Kapoor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Darren_Moore Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Draco_Rosa Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jason_Priestley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jimmy_Carter Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Ford Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marlon_Wayans Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Donal_Logue Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_McBride_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aly_Cissokho Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joseph_Heller Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dmitri_Shostakovich Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eoin_Doyle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Soares Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thomas_Dekker_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Zé_Eduardo_(footballer,_born_1991) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Morgan_Freeman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Diego_León Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Victor_Miller_(writer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Platt_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matthew_Weiner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jennifer_Aniston Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lauren_Conrad Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Betty_White Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Bowie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sean_Newton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Louis_Althusser Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Seth_Green Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Ritter Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Armand_Assante Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Whittle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michail_Antonio Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ishmael_Miller Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sam_Raimi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Simonsen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joel_Edgerton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Patrick_Doyle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/C._S._Lewis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sarah_Palin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_Gibson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Gower Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dave_Navarro Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Geena_Davis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bryce_Dallas_Howard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anna_Deavere_Smith Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Davenport Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Péguy_Luyindula Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sarah_Polley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neville_Southall Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Zorn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ivano_Bonetti Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Noel_Hunt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carl_Harris Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_McGinlay Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Liam_Neeson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Craig_Davies_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/L.A._Reid Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eva_Longoria Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Burgess_Meredith Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jim_Harvey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Hartley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ibad_Muhamadu Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kanye_West Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pelé_(footballer,_born_1987) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carlton_Cole Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arnold_Schoenberg Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Boy_Waterman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bryan_Cranston Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stephen_Colbert Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mick_O'Brien_(footballer,_born_1893) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Albert_Celades Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_van_Vossen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Manisha_Koirala Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cédric_Baseya Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jeremy_Northam Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Graham_Barrett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rudi_Gutendorf Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Martha_Plimpton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tal_Ben_Haim Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nigel_Jemson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Daniel_McBreen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stuart_Taylor_(footballer,_born_1980) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leslie_Caron Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fred_Williamson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Martin_Scorsese Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Febian_Brandy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chow_Yun-fat Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Patrick_Gallagher_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_J._Fox Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ellery_Cairo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lionel_Scaloni Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ashley_Bayes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Victor_Pálsson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sávio Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Sarsgaard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dave_Chappelle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jos_Hooiveld Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dick_Cheney Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joanna_Lumley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Irene_Sharaff Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jamie_Fullarton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thomas_Aquinas Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colin_Powell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yolanda_Adams Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jenny_McCarthy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_Morris Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Laurence_Olivier Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Maurice_Gibb Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_V Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_G._Wilson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paddy_McCarthy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Preston_Sturges Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ioannis_Masmanidis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rohan_Ricketts Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_Kiernan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pier_Paolo_Pasolini Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sebastian_Svärd Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andrey_Chernyshov Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Fincher Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Berry_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mary_J._Blige Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Richards Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Iain_Dowie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joe_Mantegna Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pat_Morita Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roy_John_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Simon_Church Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jay_Bothroyd Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christina_Aguilera Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Emma_Roberts Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Bettany Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/RedOne Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shakira Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adam_Hammill Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ernest_Hemingway Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kaba_Diawara Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Luis_García_(footballer,_born_1978) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fred_Pagnam Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Julia_Roberts Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Grew Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tarcisio_Burgnich Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ken_Loach Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marisa_Tomei Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Didi_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Dorigo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Imperioli Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eric_Djemba-Djemba Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brian_Birch Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lena_Headey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vikash_Dhorasoo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Edward_VII Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Offiong Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Maceo_Rigters Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gene_Stupnitsky Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Naomi_Campbell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Terry_Harkin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Howey_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Daniel_Dennett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Stewart Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alexander_Pushkin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marcos_António_Elias_Santos Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nathan_Lane Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cameron_Mitchell_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fairuza_Balk Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Burt_Lancaster Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ralph_Fiennes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nathaniel_Chalobah Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Buck_Henry Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Bannon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arthur_Albiston Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dennis_W._Sciama Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yanko_Daucik Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christian_Hanson_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Noel_Whelan_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Clint_Eastwood Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Jones_(footballer,_born_1945) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Julian_Glover Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rick_Wakeman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alicia_Keys Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Zachary_Quinto Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dominic_Oduro Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Freddie_Mercury Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Allen_Covert Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leon_McKenzie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Franz_Kafka Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jeff_Garcia Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ernst_Lubitsch Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fred_Frith Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Buzz_Aldrin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Graeme_Souness Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vasili_Kulkov Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Frees Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Miguel_de_Cervantes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Will_Antwi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bob_Balaban Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matthew_Perry Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jon_Favreau Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steven_Wilson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frank_Worthington Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Prosinečki Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Doug_Savant Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hugh_Adam Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jermaine_Pennant Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Wesolowski Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jude_Stirling Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bruce_Springsteen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adam_Newton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ben_Foster Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Bernard_Shaw Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fidel_Castro Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Claude_Rains Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eiður_Guðjohnsen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Abdus_Salam Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lionel_Ainsworth Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Allen_McKnight Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Epworth Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Natalie_Portman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/César_Arzo_Amposta Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Olivier_Kapo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Darrell_Silvera Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harold_Riley_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oliver_Reed Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dermot_Mulroney Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neil_Freeman_(English_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Martin_Landau Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cristian_Daniel_Ledesma Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hámilton_Ricard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Uche_Ikpeazu Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joe_Satriani Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vanessa_Hudgens Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Molloy_(footballer,_born_1909) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Terrence_Howard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mário_Ferreira_dos_Santos Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Lasseter Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Guy_Ritchie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Amanda_Peet Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/America_Ferrera Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Keith_Urban Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Parish_(businessman) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charles_Cornwallis,_1st_Marquess_Cornwallis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jenna_Wolfe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Josh_Charles Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adolf_Hitler Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hugh_Curran Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michelle_Yeoh Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dina_Pathak Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Angelina_Jolie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shelton_Martis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Donnie_Yen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Judd_Hirsch Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Julian_Alsop Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/D._H._Lawrence Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lorne_Michaels Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eva_Mendes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bill_Conti Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve-O Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/José_Gonçalves_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Groucho_Marx Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Glenn_Helder Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charlton_Heston Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bruce_Sterling Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gonzalo_García_García Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neil_Smith_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harry_Kewell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Noam_Chomsky Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marcos_Paulo_(footballer,_born_1977) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ibrahima_Sonko Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Maya_Angelou Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chiwetel_Ejiofor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Patrick_Kanyuka Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nyron_Nosworthy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anton_Chekhov Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nick_Colgan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Cormack Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Bettney Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brian_McDermott_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Suhasini_Maniratnam Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Njazi_Kuqi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Dreyfuss Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Efe_Sodje Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jayden_Stockley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ken_Russell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Eliot Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alison_Brie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jason_Puncheon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roger_Joseph Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Goodman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tommy_Wright_(footballer,_born_1966) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christopher_Hitchens Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bob_Dylan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_De_Ridder Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adam_Smith Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Felipe_Seymour Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mickey_Walker_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Lowey_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Thomas_(footballer,_born_1967) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scarlett_Johansson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Towne Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roger_Jones_(footballer,_born_1946) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harvey_Keitel Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Zico Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bill_Pendergast Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_McNally_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hillary_Clinton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roy_Hodgson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Juan_Manuel_Olivera Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Terry_Hurlock Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Kemp_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dick_Krzywicki Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Thompson_(musician) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ryan_Dickson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Augustine_of_Hippo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Guy_Ipoua Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Columbus_(filmmaker) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nancy_Williams_Watt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Barnes_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ezra_Pound Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joan_Bennett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_McKellen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Patrizio_Billio Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yannis_Anastasiou Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Bright Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Ditko Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/River_Phoenix Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Townsend Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rafik_Djebbour Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gabriel_Ferrari Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anthony_Wong_(Hong_Kong_actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dave_Mustaine Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ben_Kingsley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Carradine Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Don_Goodman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Holsgrove Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jerry_Stiller Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robbie_Findley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Ratzenberger Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Georgi_Kinkladze Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pierce_Brosnan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Adamson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jim_Reardon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ed_McMahon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Martin_Nash_(soccer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Todd_Haynes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kate_Bush Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michel_Kuipers Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Girish_Karnad Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Simon_Grayson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tommy_Lee_Jones Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Graham_Roberts Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matt_Selman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Winston_Churchill Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Markus_Steinhöfer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Foster Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mia_Farrow Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sam_Neill Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Diego_Souza_(footballer,_born_1985) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Álvaro_Fernández Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Novak_Djokovic Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Pine Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Exodus_Geohaghon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Hughes_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Josh_Groban Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paolo_Vernazza Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Enckelman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paulo_Rink Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Cole Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Benjamin_Britten Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/August_Strindberg Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stuart_Hicks Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bill_McGarry Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nicky_Shorey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Billy_Boyd_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alou_Diarra Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kid_Rock Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jordi_Gómez Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leigh_Jenkinson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dan_Grimaldi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ashton_Kutcher Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Claude_Gnakpa Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_McEwan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Waits Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Missy_Elliott Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Odemwingie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jeffrey_Monakana Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charlie_Davies Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Humphrey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Juliette_Lewis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eric_Fellner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vladimir_Petrović Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jackie_Chan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Beatles Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brian_McLean Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Hamill Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charlie_Griffin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dennis_Rodman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Krystian_Pearce Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Sheffield Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stuart_Black Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marlon_Harewood Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Keegan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Orson_Welles Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sienna_Miller Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lester_Holt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jane_Seymour_(actress) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Rowlands_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_Bogie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Tennant Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sydney_Pollack Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Josh_Brolin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Louie_Soares Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_Thomson,_1st_Baron_Kelvin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gareth_Farrelly Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dennis_Wann Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Rorty Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adie_Mike Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Macaulay_Culkin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fred_Durst Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chief_technology_officer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Biehn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Kinnaird Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_E._Kelley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Rodney_Bennett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Elizabeth_Daily Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jules_Dassin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dan_Stevens Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Martin_Foster Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Venus_Williams Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Laurent_D'Jaffo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rudolf_Carnap Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Isaac_Hayes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Williams_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alain_Johannes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Washington Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fernando_Cavenaghi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ida_Lupino Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Kagelmacher Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Serbo-Croats Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ziggy_Marley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Daniel_Day-Lewis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cho_Won-hee Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Balcon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jaco_Pastorius Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bruno_Rodriguez Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_Wilson_(footballer,_born_1923) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jerome_Kern Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joaquin_Phoenix Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Atiyah Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Curtis_Armstrong Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Denver Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Healy_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Theoni_V._Aldredge Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cochin_Haneefa Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Karl_Popper Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Amanda_Lear Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nathan_Ellington Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jimmy_Hogan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harold_Lloyd Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Madden_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jason_Rowbotham Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Ruffalo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Reg_Keating Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Immanuel_Kant Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adam_Goldberg Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Herb_Alpert Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mitch_Pileggi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nicholas_Tse Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Josh_Parker Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Curtis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bobby_Laing Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yura_Movsisyan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Merian_C._Cooper Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Zvjezdan_Misimović Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lil_Wayne Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wesley_Clark Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_McSheffrey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vin_Diesel Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thomas_Hitzlsperger Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Garry_Marshall Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anton_Rogan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bruce_Lee Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ludwig_van_Beethoven Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Simon_Webster_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ritchie_De_Laet Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Brauer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arthur_Conan_Doyle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mikkel_Andersen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frank_Gehry Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cleveland_Taylor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Farrington Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Coyote Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scott_Sinclair Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Loreena_McKennitt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Rougier Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Denis_Prychynenko Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Otto_Pfister Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wong_Jing Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jabo_Ibehre Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ronaldo_(Brazilian_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Amrish_Puri Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_McCallum Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ken_DeMange Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Luccin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gustavo_Santaolalla Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Franz_Liszt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rodrigo_Santoro Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Giovanni_Ribisi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adam_Carolla Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fred_Barber Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lloyd_Kerry Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lateef_Elford-Alliyu Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lewis_Milestone Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Serge_Gainsbourg Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matt_Groening Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nunnally_Johnson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Franklin_D._Roosevelt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michelle_Forbes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_Young-pyo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brian_Deane Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Angell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jennifer_Love_Hewitt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joan_Collins Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shonda_Rhimes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Swizz_Beatz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ivan_Gvozdenović Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Madonna_(entertainer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_Canoville Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Fontana Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Campbell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_O'Rourke_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Patrick_Warburton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Harkness Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stephen_Elliott_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frank_Loesser Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Filan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Phyllis_Logan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frances_McDormand Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Liam_Miller Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alfred_Hitchcock Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mary_Elizabeth_Winstead Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kiki_Musampa Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rudyard_Kipling Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Evans_(footballer,_born_1954) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hilary_Swank Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Aganzo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Lantos Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brannon_Braga Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tommy_Tynan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sam_Jennings Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Douglas_Coupland Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jon_Peters Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scatman_Crothers Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_Hills_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Birchenall Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ritchie_Blackmore Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joe_Strummer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Juan_Antonio_Pizzi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Meagan_Good Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dee_Bradley_Baker Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Meryl_Streep Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Killen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Darren_Randolph Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Prince_Buaben Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jimmy_Bullard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Turturro Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_Milosevic Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Kennedy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rivaldo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Spike_Jonze Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dr._Seuss Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colin_Kazim-Richards Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_O'Connor_(footballer,_born_1987) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Breen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Denise_Richards Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Breckin_Meyer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carol_Kane Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gustave_Flaubert Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Coleman_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Catherine_Keener Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_McQuilkin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joan_Rivers Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aphex_Twin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Glenda_Jackson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sanmi_Odelusi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Om_Puri Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ben_Affleck Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Thorrington Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oshor_Williams Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joss_Labadie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jason_Culina Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_McGuigan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Julie_Delpy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roscoe_Arbuckle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Howard_Kendall Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Miranda_Richardson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jay_McEveley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Willie_Fallon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dave_Mitchell_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colin_West Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Cagney Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Forbes_Phillipson-Masters Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ronnie_Allen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Tavernier Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charles_Darwin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_Coyne Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Willie_D._Burton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Liam_Bridcutt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kyle_Letheren Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Barry_White Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bob_Kelly_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dean_Crowe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gene_Simmons Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adrian_Caceres Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thomas_Hobbes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carlo_Nash Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Norman_Taurog Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Margaret_Thatcher Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stefan_Moore Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alessandro_Matri Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Thorpe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bobby_Petta Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Gabriel Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Woody_Harrelson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Darren_Dunning Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charles_Dickens Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Felix_Bastians Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tommy_Tait_(footballer,_born_1908) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Til_Schweiger Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Erich_Wolfgang_Korngold Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tommy_Chong Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Ingham_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Boaz_Myhill Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dimitris_Nalitzis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Franck_Dja_Djédjé Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Raymond_Chandler Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Sylbert Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Marriott Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jon_Purdie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ilombe_Mboyo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bob_Allen_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rydell_Poepon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Derek_Dougan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Howard_Stern Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_O'Donnell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Coolio Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Siniša_Mihajlović Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ben_Wright_(footballer,_born_1988) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Elisabeth_Moss Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_DeVito Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Spader Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Daniel_Radcliffe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leroy_Griffiths Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arthur_Phoenix Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jack_White Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eric_Gerets Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Moses_Sakyi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lucy_Liu Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Oakes_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sidney_Sheldon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gabriel_Batistuta Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marshall_Herskovitz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shannen_Doherty Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jim_Brown Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stephen_Hughes_(footballer,_born_1976) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charlotte_Gainsbourg Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_McAlister Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gavin_Williams_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bobby_Olejnik Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jeremy_Renner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Juan_Pablo_Sorín Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Imogen_Heap Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alain_Delon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kathie_Lee_Gifford Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ozzy_Osbourne Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sigourney_Weaver Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sébastien_Carole Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bruce_Willis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bonnie_Raitt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cormac_McCarthy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ben_Wilkinson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Mahon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Forde_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Keeley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Maria_Jacquemetton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_Fleming Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lou_Diamond_Phillips Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lyle_Taylor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rachel_Weisz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joe_Murphy_(footballer,_born_1981) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Henrie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Poyser Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andrew_Lincoln Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Thompson_(footballer,_born_1973) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shamir_Fenelon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Ferrell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Patrick_Noubissié Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Elliott_Charles Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nas Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alessandro_Potenza Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yunjin_Kim Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leighton_James Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Garret_Dillahunt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jason_Denayer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Brayson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colin_Healy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matt_Paterson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Money Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Kitson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Calista_Flockhart Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/DaMarcus_Beasley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rene_Gilmartin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Glenn_Ford Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_Guthrie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rick_Kline Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kenny_Swain Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alexandre_Desplat Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Graham_Williams_(footballer,_born_1936) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Walford Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Kenny Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aaliyah Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mindy_Kaling Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_Hegan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joey_Barton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andrew_Swann_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Perpetuini Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Emily_Mortimer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hakan_Yakin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Emerson_(footballer,_born_1976) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Kabba Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Trevor_Rabin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Hollies Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scott_Baio Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roberto_Orci Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cicinho Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cássio_Oliveira Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jamal_Alioui Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pamela_Fryman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Fettis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Mazursky Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/King_Vidor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mike_Grella Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Timothy_Olyphant Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Randy_Travis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shawn_Wayans Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Edward_R._Pressman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gerry_Baker Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_H._Macy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gaël_Givet Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leslie_Dilley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ronnie_Sinclair Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/André_Felipe_Ribeiro_de_Souza Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ismaël_Bouzid Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Albert_Riera Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shania_Twain Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sid_Jones Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steven_Curtis_Chapman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Trent_Reznor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ted_Levine Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Filipe_da_Costa Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rory_Fallon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Manmohan_Krishna Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Hirsh_(producer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jonathan_Téhoué Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Papa_Bouba_Diop Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Adams Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jim_Bellamy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Martin_Donovan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Stephenson_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thomas_Myhre Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Amy_Smart Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kenny_Miller Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Keith_Allen_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marlene_Dietrich Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shohreh_Aghdashloo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Edward_Zwick Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ann_Sothern Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Elias_Koteas Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ernest_Borgnine Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danis_Salman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ryan_Smith_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aaron_Hughes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jamie_Forrester Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Terry_Phelan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paula_Abdul Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danijel_Ljuboja Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Raymond_Massey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Stormare Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ray_Treacy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Burton_(footballer,_born_1983) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jonson_Clarke-Harris Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fabrizio_Ravanelli Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jessica_Tandy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Caleb_Folan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ugo_Ehiogu Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jake_Speight Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ad-Rock Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Jones_(footballer,_born_1976) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Whitmore Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Fonda Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/MC_Hammer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adrian_Littlejohn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hunter_S._Thompson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mario_Bortolazzi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Trevor_Slack Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jeff_Lynne Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Samantha_Morton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Gere Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cha_Du-ri Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ed_O'Neill Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Patrick_O'Connell_(Irish_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Emma_Thompson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Thompson_(footballer,_born_1977) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jon_McCarthy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carl_Weathers Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neill_Collins Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joe_Keenan_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Netan_Sansara Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jeb_Bush Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ken_Burns Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Taj_Mahal_(musician) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roger_Federer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Ratcliffe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adrian_Heath Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carter_Bays Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Des_Hamilton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Garcia Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Voltaire Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Owen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Khalilou_Fadiga Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tommy_Henderson_(footballer,_born_1943) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eli_Roth Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Niels_Bohr Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Barry_Robson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robbie_Savage Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Graham_Rix Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ednilson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Billy_Bragg Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Melville_Shavelson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Quinton_Fortune Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eric_Roberts Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dave_Martin_(footballer,_born_1963) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dick_Van_Dyke Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carson_Daly Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ron_Davies_(footballer,_born_1942) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matt_Damon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vinícius_Freitas Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Maurice_Ross Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Nutter Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Florescu Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Woodrow_Wilson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Hateley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Nixon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_Carsley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rowan_Vine Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Abiola_Dauda Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hugh_Grant Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Jobs Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pelé_(footballer,_born_1978) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Edie_Falco Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vincent_Pastore Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alexandre_Trauner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Cheesewright Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lacey_Chabert Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jamie_McAllister Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Sembello Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Walter_Samuel Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leonard_Bernstein Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ryan_Adams Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Grant_(footballer,_born_1981) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Elliott_Smith Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_Johnson_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jessica_Chastain Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kim_Stanley_Robinson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/H._P._Lovecraft Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mat_Sadler Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/LeAnn_Rimes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Box Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dominic_West Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Redgrave Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Greg_Vanney Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Fleck Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anna_Camp Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Lee_(footballer,_born_1980) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Martin_Keown Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Simon_Cox_(footballer,_born_1987) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jonathan_Swift Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Henri_Stambouli Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Amanda_Plummer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Khalid_Sinouh Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_Muir Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marvin_Robinson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Duchovny Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marg_Helgenberger Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hilary_Duff Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jermain_Defoe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Russell_Metty Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_Stevens_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ellen_DeGeneres Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Linus_Pauling Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dominic_Foley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scott_McGarvey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Astrit_Ajdarević Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_McKellar Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/June_Allyson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Hurst_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alex_Rodman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Hutton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jon_Challinor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frances_Conroy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jake_Gyllenhaal Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jesse_Metcalfe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frank_Lloyd_Wright Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steven_Bauer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Debi_Mazar Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jim_Holton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Rasche Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fernando_de_Ornelas Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Morrissey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hugo_Colace_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alessandro_Bastrini Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Holt_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marty_Stuart Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Simon_Johnson_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_McChrystal Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mickaël_Tavares Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Swanwick Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Candy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ludwig_von_Mises Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hal_Holbrook Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Teddy_Sheringham Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Melora_Hardin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bonnie_Hunt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Isaiah_Washington Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ivan_Vukomanović Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cesar_Romero Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Al_Schmitt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joe_Craddock_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tim_Burton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Emmanuel_Ledesma Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hugh_Hefner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/André_Bikey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sean_Connery Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stéphane_Demol Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roger_Davies_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Martin_(footballer,_born_1989) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frank_Nouble Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jorja_Fox Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_McLennan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Cameron Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jules_Bass Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Clinton_Morrison Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jean-Claude_Van_Damme Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alison_Krauss Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jovan_Kirovski Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Edu_Coimbra Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gennaro_Scarlato Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jon-Paul_McGovern Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mick_Martin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Walter_Lantz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Metgod Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tinnu_Anand Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shabana_Azmi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Clark_Gable Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sanchez_Watt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Kreizman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jeanne_Moreau Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_Wright Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rhys_Weston Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harold_Rosson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Edgar_Rice_Burroughs Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Song_Chong-gug Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nicky_Walker Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Guppy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Walker_(footballer,_born_1987) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yakubu_Aiyegbeni Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Henry_Mancini Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marcel_Desailly Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marius_Niculae Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aldo_Duscher Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neal_Eardley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Keith_Devlin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joe_Morton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Poul_Anderson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Michael Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dani_Rodrigues Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tabitha_St._Germain Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Farrell_(footballer,_born_1957) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Walter_Model Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Raoul_Walsh Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Newman_(composer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ismail_H'Maidat Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Courtney_Love Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jack_Reynolds_(footballer,_born_1881) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Doyle_(footballer,_born_1981) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_Camp_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Cascarino Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vinny_Arkins Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marvin_Gaye Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frédéric_Nimani Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oliver_Platt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dave_Bamber Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roy_Wood Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Earnshaw Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Iain_Banks Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Corrigan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Craig_Fagan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bobby_Weale Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Herbert_Leavey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Simon_Weaver Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hakan_Hayrettin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tommy_Miller Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mike_Stowell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fernando_Derveld Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jorge_Luis_Borges Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ben_Stiller Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_Thorpe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Crichton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lewis_Grabban Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christopher_Plummer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bob_Rafelson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Verdi_Godwin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sam_Allardyce Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Schrader Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Colquhoun_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Avril_Lavigne Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alex_McCarthy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Les_Lawrence Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Caravaggio Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cy_Coleman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Masur Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Brown Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lorenzo_Music Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Harsley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stewart_Imlach Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Keith_O'Halloran Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Duncan_McKenzie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oumar_Dieng Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Akira_Toriyama Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Denny_Landzaat Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scott_Carson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vladimír_Weiss_(footballer,_born_1989) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jane_Campion Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Graham_Greene_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wendy_Melvoin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Larenz_Tate Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Kamara Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_Hendrie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Schwarzer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adolph_Zukor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rita_Hayworth Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eduardo_Hurtado Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jay_Lovett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pietro_Scalia Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Sutton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mike_Newell_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tamika_Mkandawire Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nancy_Marchand Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Holmes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Timothy_Dalton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Hallett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leonard_Dick Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Larry_McMurtry Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gale_Anne_Hurd Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andrew_McCulloch_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Georgios_Samaras Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jason_Rees_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dudu_Cearense Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anthony_Straker Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colin_Hendry Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Baird Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dean_Cain Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Irving Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A._Sreekar_Prasad Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kris_Kristofferson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rachel_Portman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_Butler_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jürgen_Habermas Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richie_Byrne Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Malcolm_Shotton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ashley_Hemmings Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vanessa_Redgrave Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andrew_Lloyd_Webber Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Freddie_Francis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sara_Ramirez Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Orry-Kelly Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carl_Hooper_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dimitrios_Konstantopoulos Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Blacks_in_France Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Victor_Moses Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ariel_Winter Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Sheridan_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tommy_Wright_(footballer,_born_1963) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Witter Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Wood_(footballer,_born_1991) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Thomas_(producer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Laurie_Cunningham Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Damien_Delaney Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Aizlewood Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christopher_Walken Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_A._Romero Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aron_Winter Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nicholas_Bignall Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jonathan_Lynn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ferris_Webster Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carl_Ikeme Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_Seddon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Russell_Brand Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jeroen_Boere Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gunther_E._Rothenberg Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charles_Laughton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colin_Firth Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dakota_Fanning Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fernando_Forestieri Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jacques_Derrida Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Horace_Brindley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tilda_Swinton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joseph_Barbera Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Kozluk Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bradley_Johnson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Schumann Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ray_Liotta Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dele_Adebola Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cris_Collinsworth Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_McMahon_(footballer,_born_1949) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hilary_Putnam Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roger_Bart Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ben_Thatcher Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Maggie_Smith Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chulalongkorn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cynthia_Nixon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gaston_Taument Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ronnie_Hildersley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Thorpe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Miguel_Sandoval Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harshvardhan_Kapoor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Keogh Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mike_O'Malley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Warren_Zevon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dariusz_Adamczuk Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Iain_Ferguson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colbie_Caillat Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Wilson_(footballer,_born_1968) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Duke_Ellington Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joni_Mitchell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Heffernan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yuvan_Shankar_Raja Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Noble_(footballer,_born_1982) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jermaine_Jackson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Duane_Courtney Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Patrick_Mulcahey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Troisi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/J._J._Abrams Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gérson_Magrão Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oliver_Norwood Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charlie_Cox Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Collis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ayo_Obileye Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pierre_van_Hooijdonk Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jimmy_Greenhoff Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Blunt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dave_Regis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Liam_Lawrence Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mohnish_Bahl Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rajesh_Khanna Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Husbands Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_McCreery Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Santana_(band) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Keith_Waugh Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jimmy_Robertson_(footballer,_born_1880) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gaël_Kakuta Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Dickov Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fred_Ward Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tommy_Lee Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neil_Diamond Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Barry_Rowan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Outkast Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carlos_Alazraqui Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neil_Pointon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marilyn_Manson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gillian_Welch Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Julianne_Moore Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dady Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arthur_Cunliffe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Quincy_Owusu-Abeyie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dave_Fleischer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_Simpemba Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sid_James Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jimmy_Van_Heusen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bradley_Thomas_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jean_Louis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Larry_Hagman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Felipe_Melo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dana_Carvey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mao_Zedong Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Goldie_Hawn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alex_Rodriguez Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Deion_Sanders Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Attenborough Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bill_Myerscough Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Lee_(screenwriter) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alfredo_Foni Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Glen_Morgan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Durnin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carl_Shutt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jamie_Moralee Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ashley_Grimes_(footballer,_born_1957) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ralph_Milne Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Santiago_Silva Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tsui_Hark Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Walker Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Freddie_Ladapo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Simon_Walton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nicki_Minaj Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jean-Alain_Boumsong Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ryan_Tedder Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_Cadamarteri Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Agatha_Christie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ellen_Burstyn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Raquel_Welch Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matthew_Briggs Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Claude_Makélélé Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cruz_Beckham Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Crispin_Glover Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Civard_Sprockel Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marco_Borriello Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dick_Advocaat Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Akinde Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Conor_Clifford Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sonny_Anderson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Weller Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stan_Lee Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Garry_Shandling Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joey_Fatone Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Bennett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marko_Muslin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Trevor_Howard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lewis_Price Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alexandre_Kojève Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vladimir_Horowitz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Al_Jean Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Ogden_Stiers Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Heather_Locklear Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jim_Gannon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jimmy_Fallon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wilmer_Valderrama Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nathan_Abbey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nikica_Jelavić Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alfredo_Di_Stéfano Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Sorvino Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carlos_Bocanegra Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Holland_Taylor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Schwimmer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brahmanandam Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Moore Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Myrna_Loy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hans_Segers Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Grant_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Djibril_Cissé Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brian_Eno Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_D._Zanuck Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vladimir_Stojković Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Émile_Mpenza Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jacques_Lacan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ronnie_Bull_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/F._Murray_Abraham Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ousmane_Dabo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Elizabeth_Banks Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Natalie_Wood Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carl_Griffiths Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Reid Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Conan_O'Brien Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Morgan_Amalfitano Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alastair_Reynolds Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andrea_Bocelli Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Robinson_(Northern_Ireland_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nicolas_Anelka Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_Cook Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jean-François_Péron Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cillian_Sheridan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joey_Guðjónsson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Asia_Argento Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tommy_Lawton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Billy_Crystal Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Diana_Wynne_Jones Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Darren_Patterson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jimmy_Kimmel Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lomana_LuaLua Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Johnnie_To Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_McCartney Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ricky_Jay Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rob_Kiernan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Trisha_(actress) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Edgar_Davids Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leroy_Shield Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Terry_Yorath Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Laurent_Fournier Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colin_Murdock Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Johnny_Depp Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Edgar_(soccer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tyrone_Mears Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Guetta Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Angela_Bassett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Costa-Gavras Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/H._G._Wells Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bojan_Krkić Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Antony_Sher Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anthony_Minghella Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Herschel Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oscar_Damiani Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/House_of_Habsburg Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paulo_César_Arruda_Parente Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sagi_Burton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mary_Tyler_Moore Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scott_Shearer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/DJ_Campbell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ariel_Graziani Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Julia_Ormond Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christopher_Boyes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Camryn_Manheim Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Strathairn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Robinson_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yngwie_Malmsteen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Saeed_Jaffrey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frank_Rijkaard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brett_Angell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carol_Reed Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Lynch Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hamza_Bencherif Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gerald_Ford Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_Morris_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Clint_Marcelle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carey_Mulligan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Cornforth_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Uma_Thurman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bruce_Beresford Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Florent_Sinama_Pongolle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Hawkes_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Shelton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_David Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lewis_Gilbert Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carol_Burnett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_de_Pinho_de_Souza Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Clyde_Wijnhard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Don_Ameche Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jack_Cock Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wes_Craven Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kenneth_Branagh Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Darryl_Powell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sienna_Guillory Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Busta_Rhymes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jesper_Christiansen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ömer_Rıza Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Englund Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Dale Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jamie_Smith_(footballer,_born_1974) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Luke_Rooney_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hernán_Rodrigo_López Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Cale Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joseph_Sargent Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Kennedy_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Bodak Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_R._Nelson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Sizemore Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fraser_Digby Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fitzroy_Simpson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Todd_Rundgren Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Otto_Hahn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Philip_Baker_Hall Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marcia_Wallace Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Calvin_Andrew Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gregor_Rioch Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dickson_Etuhu Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andrzej_Wajda Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Claudia_Schiffer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Waddle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Livingstone Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Jones_(singer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Salako Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Samuel_L._Jackson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Trevor_Aylott Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Luke_Waterfall Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sylvester_Stallone Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lars_Ulrich Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Carpenter Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Darren_Bent Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Felicity_Huffman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Prutton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Špehar Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Haris_Vučkić Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Louise_Fletcher Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ang_Lee Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jean_Beausejour Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Menahem_Golan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Craig_Stanley_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Adeyemi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carrie-Anne_Moss Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sandra_Bullock Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lou_Costello Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Guly_do_Prado Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Amanda_Seyfried Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dave_Foley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Diana_Krall Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ne-Yo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Justin_Theroux Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jürgen_Klinsmann Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jim_Dale Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Phil_Hadland Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Burkhard_Pape Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ronald_Harwood Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bernard_Montgomery Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nick_Wright_(footballer,_born_1987) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eleanor_Roosevelt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Billy_Idol Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Campbell_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Amy_Winehouse Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Emma_Stone Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anjelica_Huston Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Bay Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gwyneth_Paltrow Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alex_Cisak Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_LeGros Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_Cox_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ali_Larter Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tim_Sherwood Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bebeto Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sam_Simon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Carney Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Didier_Six Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Craig_Hignett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charlie_Bishop_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ron_Perlman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Carell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Haim_Saban Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Rolling_Stones Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rolfe_Kent Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ernest_Rutherford Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eddie_Redmayne Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jon_Bon_Jovi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jennifer_Ehle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roudolphe_Douala Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steven_Van_Zandt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jackson_Bond Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Jackson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Goldwyn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jane_Krakowski Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leonard_Cohen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gerry_Armstrong_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joe_Walters_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Madsen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Billy_Ray_Cyrus Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Harries Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_Morris_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Martin_Kuhl Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Albert_Wolsky Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Emiliano_Moretti Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Patrick_Kluivert Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Busey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jenna_Bush_Hager Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mohamed_Kallon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jason_Jarrett_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_James_(footballer,_born_1970) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Boris_Karloff Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Traianos_Dellas Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_Allsopp Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Orwell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Spencer_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kirsten_Dunst Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Pulis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Helen_Mirren Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ben_Cross Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Bostock Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mario_Santana Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Gladis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Geiss Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Myles_Anderson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Flanagan_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Erika_Christensen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Mills Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_Califf Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Theofanis_Gekas Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Rosenberg Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Elisha_Cuthbert Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Tyler_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tia_Carrere Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jonathan_Glickman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jim_Carter_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carl_Reiner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Billy_Bingham Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Molly_Shannon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Henri_Anier Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cecil_B._DeMille Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Juliette_Binoche Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sheena_Easton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Koke_(footballer,_born_1983) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Patricia_Arquette Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Dougall Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leonardo_DiCaprio Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ravi_Shankar Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Clea_DuVall Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Giles_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gus_Caesar Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_Ross_(footballer,_born_1947) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harold_Arlen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Simon_Callow Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_Chang Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Keith_Webber Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Silas_Pereira Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neil_Moore Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/André_Cruz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Trevor_Hockey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_Townley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lily_Allen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Valérien_Ismaël Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Amy_Brenneman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ray_Charles Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Doughty_(footballer,_born_1992) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matthew_Fox Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gabriel_Rodrigues_dos_Santos Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Turner_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arjun_Rampal Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adam_Sandler Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kaley_Cuoco Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Martin_Hyský Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ivan_Pelizzoli Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Linklater Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dean_Martin_(footballer,_born_1972) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Philip_Roberts Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Gidman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ted_Danson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fabio_Liverani Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Saville Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_McBride Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cynthia_Watros Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/LL_Cool_J Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alex_Manninger Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Keogh Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dimitri_Tiomkin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andrew_G._Vajna Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rob_Paulsen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vicente_Engonga Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Finch Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Houssine_Kharja Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jack_Compton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Taylor_(footballer,_born_1953) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tijani_Belaïd Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stuart_Rimmer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Anderson_(footballer,_born_1928) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Luke_Beckett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Fogerty Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Menges Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gordan_Petrić Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_E._Grant Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jason_Schwartzman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Julian_Joachim Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kate_Walsh_(actress) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charlie_Miller Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Doris_Lessing Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Basile_Boli Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chick_Corea Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_McParland Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fumaça_(footballer,_born_1976) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Don_Revie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alejandro_Sanz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jason_Harris_(footballer,_born_1976) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Okon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Magnus_Okuonghae Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jack_Beby Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Warner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Louie_Donowa Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jordi_López Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anthony_Tonkin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/K._Balachander Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arif_Mardin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Blake_(footballer,_born_1970) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Duran_Duran Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Pirès Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Butch_Hartman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dimitar_Makriev Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anthony_Grant_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Whyte Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Emily_Blunt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Osarimen_Ebagua Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mickey_Rooney Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leo_Strauss Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pablo_Contreras Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Felipe_Caicedo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Johnson_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Terry_Boyle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Kyle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leon_Trotsky Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matt_Elliott_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christian_Ribeiro Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Henry_James Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Nurse Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Zesh_Rehman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Henri_Camara Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adrian_Grenier Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neil_Heaney Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steven_Caulker Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Hackett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dunga Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Maggie_Roswell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Seth_MacFarlane Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Devlin_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Derek_Boateng Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shaun_Goater Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Raymond_Chow Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Baker_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chucky_Brown Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Allan_Mansley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Youri_Djorkaeff Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cesáreo_Victorino Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Donald_Sutherland Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stefano_Okaka Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brendan_Fraser Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leigh_Richmond_Roose Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Herd Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Nelson_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nelson_Abeijón Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stephen_Blum Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scott_Howie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bobby_Collins_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vincent_Kartheiser Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mike_Portnoy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_A._Stewart Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Beardsley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ashley_Williams_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Daniel_Lafferty Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Benjamin_Franklin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Parnell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/D._W._Griffith Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Damon_Albarn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Donal_McDermott Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dean_Windass Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/André_Moritz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tex_Avery Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colin_Miller_(soccer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nirupa_Roy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Waddock Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Waddy_Wachtel Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Timothy_Leary Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_Haynes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Abdul_Razak_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Mardon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Nwokeji Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kelis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Reece_Wabara Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eric_Clapton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/W._E._B._Du_Bois Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neil_Ruddock Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Messina Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Glen_Campbell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kazuhiko_Aoki Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sidney_Poitier Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Michael_Higgins Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ross_Turnbull Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Burnett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wayne_Allison Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joseph_Conrad Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Frampton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Russell_Crowe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ricky_Otto Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eddie_Odhiambo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Sutton_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_McCombe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Barry_Corbin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/El_Hadji_Diouf Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Buchanan_(footballer,_born_1986) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ignacio_María_González Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Dirac Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frank_Sinatra Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aidan_Quinn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ben_Gazzara Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robbie_Keane Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nathan_Eccleston Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anthony_Griffith Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matt_Carmichael_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bobby_Shinton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Waite Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jennifer_Tilly Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kate_Winslet Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Juan_Mata Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joely_Richardson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arthur_Ormston Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joe_Bulcock Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gregory_Hoblit Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/René_Descartes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Powers_Boothe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Turner_(footballer,_born_1954) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ruud_Gullit Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Zeli_Ismail Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adam_Barton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Scales Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eugène_Dadi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ernie_Hudson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kelly_Rowland Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ray_Crawford_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brian_Flynn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jeremy_Thomas Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stephen_Chow Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Duffy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Youssouf_Hersi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chuck_Norris Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Zema_Abbey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jon_Anderson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jason_Marsden Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dan_Petrescu Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Susan_Hayward Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Hartson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Fox Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_MacNicol Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Akon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Henry_Corden Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yago_Fernández Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Douglas_Adams Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Linda_Perry Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Amber_Benson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Luther_Vandross Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marion_Cotillard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dick_Clement Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Richter Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Luís_Leal_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robbie_Neilson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fred_MacMurray Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jan_Koller Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Antonio_German Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Van_Nest_Polglase Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Thomson_(footballer,_born_1896) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carlos_Alberto_Torres Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joe_Cocker Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Albert_S._D'Agostino Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Josh_Sussman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bruce_Berman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Zhang_Yimou Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Essien Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Burn_Gorman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Barnes_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Liv_Ullmann Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Saër_Sène Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leo_Bertos Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_Makel Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Issey_Nakajima-Farran Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scott_Barrett_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matthew_McConaughey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Plana Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Claudio_Ranieri Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Huston Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jamie_Mackie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dana_Andrews Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bette_Davis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ronny_Rosenthal Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Semanick Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stephen_Hunt_(footballer,_born_1981) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Debbie_Gibson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ciara Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Maria_Theresa Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ursula_K._Le_Guin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brian_May Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Debra_Messing Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mário_Jardel Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Theodor_W._Adorno Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Crowe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Asa_Hall Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tennessee_Williams Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jim_McDonagh Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tomislav_Ivković Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gernot_Rohr Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ryan_Johnson_(footballer,_born_1984) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Patrizia_von_Brandenstein Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Daniel_Bogdanović Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brett_Ratner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adam_Griffiths Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Moore_(footballer,_born_1966) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ed_Asner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ricardo_Rocha_(footballer,_born_1962) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Dunn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tyler_Perry Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Dawkins Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bob_Hamman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Cera Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Martin_O'Neill Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sean_Penn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Milla_Jovovich Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Casement Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Larry_Niven Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jordi_Figueras_Montel Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bob_Newhart Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Louis_Malle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Longo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gerry_Hitchens Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hugh_Vallance Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ray_Daniel_(English_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mauricio_Pinilla Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Darren_Byfield Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/India_Arie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Akpo_Sodje Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Salim_Kumar Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rufus_Wainwright Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colin_Larkin_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Mousinho Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Djimon_Hounsou Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sulley_Muntari Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ally_Sheedy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Loïc_Rémy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anthony_Šerić Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_Redford Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Mendes_da_Silva Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cary_Grant Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Júlio_César_(footballer,_born_November_1978) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brad_Pitt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Imre_Varadi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matt_Green_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robin_Shroot Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tomi_Ameobi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alexander_Korda Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Stoppard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Iqbal_Theba Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Keith_Andrews_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_G._Robinson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hayao_Miyazaki Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marcelo_Estigarribia Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Bart-Williams Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gai_Assulin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Frusciante Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Toni_Silva Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Costner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Faith_Hill Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Glyn_Hodges Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Edward_Albee Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Brazil Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harry_S._Truman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adam_Lockwood Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Zakaria_Labyad Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Zach_Galifianakis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nevio_Scala Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Cumming Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kasey_Keller Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Josh_Holloway Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Davis_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_Shatner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lucille_Ball Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lance_Henriksen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Iggy_Pop Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jill_Scott Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Billie_Joe_Armstrong Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Burke_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Owain_Fôn_Williams Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Margaret_Cho Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Larry_Charles Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carla_Gugino Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Livermore Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Golin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Achala_Sachdev Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charlie_McGillivray Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eric_Keen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Fitzpatrick Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stuart_Ripley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Howard_Hughes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Claudio_Caniggia Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lon_Chaney_Jr. Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Subhash_Ghai Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sunil_Dutt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Gandolfini Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fola_Onibuje Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Diego_Alonso Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Park_Chu-young Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jordan_Stewart_(footballer,_born_1982) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Kirkland Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Theodore_Roosevelt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mitchell_Hurwitz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colin_Gordon_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marlon_King Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eli_Wallach Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Lee_Hooker Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Drea_de_Matteo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/J._K._Rowling Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Sheehan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Emeric_Pressburger Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Akshay_Kumar Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Billy_West Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Nesmith Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brian_Talbot Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kim_Yong-dae Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lord_Byron Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Bowen_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jonathan_Obika Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jason_Mraz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ashley_Ward Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lois_Smith Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Idan_Tal Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hulk_Hogan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Serginho_Greene Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jamie_Cureton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roy_Kinnear Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/José_Veiga Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carlos_Ruiz_(Guatemalan_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alessio_Cerci Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ryan_Green Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Luigi_Delneri Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tommy_Coyne Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Emlyn_Hughes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mauro_Zárate Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jonathan_Walters Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paolo_Di_Canio Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jordan_Botaka Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Amos_Mariani Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Queen_Victoria Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sukumari Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adam_Horowitz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_Mills Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charles_Mingus Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lynn_Redgrave Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jet_Li Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gareth_Williams_(Welsh_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mstislav_Rostropovich Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kim_Wassell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ade_Azeez Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Benjamin_Bratt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Cray Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kyle_Naughton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joseph_Gordon-Levitt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jason_Euell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brenda_Strong Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alexander_R._Todd Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Strong Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dustin_Hoffman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_D._Parriott Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/J._M._Coetzee Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jimmy_Robertson_(footballer,_born_1944) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ron_Howard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Foran Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pablo_Picasso Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jenny_Agutter Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jim_Thorpe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Glen_Johnson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Derek_Asamoah Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Facinelli Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Khalid_Boulahrouz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ricardo_Gomes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nagesh Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Taye_Diggs Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mona_Marshall Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mildred_Dresselhaus Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Foster_Wallace Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dominic_Chianese Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Karl_Ready Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shane_Nicholson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hrishikesh_Mukherjee Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bruno_Marioni Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arthuro_Henrique_Bernhardt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Graham_Greene Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Enrique_Iglesias Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Keith_Branagan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mischa_Barton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_K._Williams Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hensley_Meulens Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jeetendra Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Patrick_Bamford Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eamonn_Collins Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kelly_Osbourne Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_Matthews_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Gray_(footballer,_born_1964) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Powell_(film_composer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Buddy_Guy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Bannister Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rajiv_Satyal Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Laudrup Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Craig_Braham-Barrett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Jobson_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Craig_T._Nelson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Martin_Sheen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Darko_Bodul Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jeff_Whitley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Maxi_López Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sol_Polito Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ned_Zelić Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marc_Goodfellow Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Hyams Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Zac_Efron Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stan_Winston Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roger_Hansbury Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Seth_Rogen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joan_Baker Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marlee_Matlin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/United_States_Secretary_of_State Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Irene_Cara Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jimmy_Holmes_(footballer,_born_1953) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Edmund_Husserl Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gordon_Brown Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Mavinga Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Amauri Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Biley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/W._B._Yeats Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jay_O'Shea Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Walter_Whittaker Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Lomas Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bobby_Archibald Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bono Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tomislav_Ivić Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sam_Sodje Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eliza_Dushku Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Schlesinger Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mookie_Tenembaum Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Don_Weston Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Errol_Flynn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Prabhu_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Pettinger Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Atom_Egoyan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dave_Sexton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wes_Fletcher Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Karl_Marx Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Benicio_del_Toro Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nourdin_Boukhari Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pat_Onstad Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mickaël_Antoine-Curier Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rose_McGowan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jackson_Browne Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joe_Roth Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Lutz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mel_Rees Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Natasha_Richardson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Hargreaves Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sacha_Baron_Cohen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adebayo_Akinfenwa Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rene_Howe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roy_Bittan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Anthrobus Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Friedrich_Engels Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Theodore_Roosevelt_Jr. Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Filippo_Maniero Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Edward_Dmytryk Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tim_Rice Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jujamcyn_Theaters Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Cooper_(footballer,_born_1967) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Swoosie_Kurtz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Royston_Drenthe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Giuliano_Grazioli Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kyra_Sedgwick Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Giorgio_Frezzolini Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jack_Robinson_(footballer,_born_1870) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Clark_Gregg Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Harmon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leandro_Ávila Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alcides_Araújo_Alves Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Owen_Coyle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Glynn_Hurst Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jack_Palance Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gavin_Ward_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Janet_Leigh Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cary_Elwes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bobby_Farrelly Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Taylor_Swift Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Edwin_Gorter Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Pearce_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Manivannan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Emanuel_Pogatetz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sammy_Morgan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robbie_Williams Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hume_Cronyn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Woody_Allen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marc_Wilson_(Irish_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Asa_Hartford Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bryan_Adams Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Toni_Morrison Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Zdrilic Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Owain_Tudur_Jones Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Franz_Schubert Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Buscema Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stephen_Demorest Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anders_Limpar Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roy_Thomas Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Henk_ten_Cate Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Maguire Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thomas_Manfredini Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Catherine_Tate Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Amdy_Faye Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frank_Soo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Panagiotis_Tachtsidis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michelle_Rodriguez Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Watson_(English_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jimmy_Buffett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frans_Thijssen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alecko_Eskandarian Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Liam_Rosenior Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Billy_Davies Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alex_Bruce_(footballer,_born_1984) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Illeana_Douglas Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Edward_Selzer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Takahiro_Sakurai Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Daniel_Sturridge Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gautama_Buddha Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anthony_Williams_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jeff_Johnson_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nordin_Wooter Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Humberto_Gatica Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adrien_Brody Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Zoran_Rajović Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Felgate_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rhys_Taylor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Phil_Hartman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alex_Russell_(footballer,_born_1973) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harry_Warren Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Howe_(musician) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Trevor_Benjamin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Montgomery_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Trésor_Kandol Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jean-François_Christophe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Maggie_Gyllenhaal Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Taylor_(filmmaker) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harry_Bunn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Karisma_Kapoor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sheila_E. Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jonjo_Shelvey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Edward_Burns Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roque_Santa_Cruz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Zebroski Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ayn_Rand Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stevland_Angus Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Keith_Gillespie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jeff_Meckstroth Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Willo_Flood Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Penelope_Wilton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Craig_Thomas_(screenwriter) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Maybury Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Howard_Shore Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brian_Posehn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dougray_Scott Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Kiwomya Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The-Dream Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gareth_Ainsworth Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nelson_Mandela Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_Forsythe_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Keenen_Ivory_Wayans Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Napoleon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bryan_Conlon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_Hanna Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Robins Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Loggia Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Todor_Veselinović Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kerry_Washington Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leandro_Machado_(footballer,_born_1976) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tommy_Barber Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rutina_Wesley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wayne_Biggins Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ray_Clarke Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sam_Winnall Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eric_Bana Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jozy_Altidore Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Cronenberg Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Wyatt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lena_Horne Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Parks Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Cooper_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joe_Bacuzzi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shane_Duffy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harry_Connick_Jr. Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frank_Broome Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/January_Jones Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eddie_Johnson_(American_soccer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Osei_Sankofa Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_H._W._Bush Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ricky_Skaggs Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ludwig_Wittgenstein Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Miller_(director) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christopher_Guest Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mary_Shelley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_Andrew Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rosemary_Harris Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dave_Martin_(footballer,_born_1985) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anthony_Perkins Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ben_Alnwick Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Hendry_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/J._G._Ballard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shavar_Thomas Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Barber Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Martyn_Margetson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jennifer_Lawrence Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mick_Pickering Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Orlando_Bloom Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thomas_Little Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nikola_Vujadinović Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Newey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stephen_Merchant Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dido_(singer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Murali_(Malayalam_actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tommy_Anderson_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nigel_Worthington Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Duvall Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sean_Devine Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Damjan_Đoković Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tim_Steele_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Edie_McClurg Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Jarni Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Zucker_(filmmaker) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matt_Mills Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bobby_Barnes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bobby_Darin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Weitz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Remar Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mamady_Sidibé Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charles_Stross Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Darryl_Duffy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christina_Ricci Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Hilbert Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Simon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Daryl_Clare Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shelley_Winters Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Crouch Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chevy_Chase Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dave_Rogers_(footballer,_born_1975) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tarkan_Mustafa Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brad_Grey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Maurice_Edu Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Garry_Brooke Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_Williamson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_Baird Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Phillips_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joseph_Fiennes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jason_de_Vos Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Allan_Smart Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dario_Bonetti Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brian_De_Palma Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Harper Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Caan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Laura_Dern Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Lawford Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tonino_Guerra Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joe_Ashworth Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Moriarty Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frank_Buckley_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Elliott_Gould Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Luis_Miguel Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jim_Clark_(film_editor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brad_Dourif Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Iwelumo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nicole_Kidman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lenny_Kravitz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Amy_Ryan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jordan_Rhodes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Darius_Henderson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Lennon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Iain_Hesford Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Gough Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_James_Corlett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Seol_Ki-hyeon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Powell_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anthony_B._Richmond Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mario_Van_Peebles Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alfred_Molina Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matt_Gilks Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Josh_Hartnett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robyn_Hitchcock Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Samuel_R._Delany Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Bates Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Cornell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_O._Selznick Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Keanu_Reeves Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roy_Bentley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dean_Holden Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jimmy_Nicholl Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hameur_Bouazza Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_E._Howard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tomokazu_Seki Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bert_Dainty Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Winterbottom Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steven_Craig Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Dano Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colin_Clarke_(footballer,_born_1962) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jemaine_Clement Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ronaldinho Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leroy_Chambers Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Kerr,_Jr._(soccer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Sanders Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Huxford Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Greg_Tiernan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Nugent Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roland_Emmerich Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mel_Blanc Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Victoria_Beckham Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nikola_Lazetić Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Claire_Bloom Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Patrik_Berger Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shefki_Kuqi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bill_Murray Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mary-Kate_Olsen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Micky_Adams Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_Miller_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Craig_Westcarr Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Davis_(footballer,_born_1965) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Amy_Adams Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lea_Michele Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Saul_Bellow Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stephen_Wright_(English_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Héctor_Rial Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Milija_Aleksic Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kyle_Lafferty Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Temur_Ketsbaia Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gordon_Strachan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rupert_Holmes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Erykah_Badu Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vladimir_Nabokov Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Grant_Brebner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Betsy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dave_Tuttle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vinnie_Jones Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dave_Rushbury Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ashley_Westwood_(footballer,_born_1976) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christian_Dailly Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marvin_Sordell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Choi_Sung-yong Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_Seaborne Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mauricio_Molina Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stephen_O'Halloran Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kyle_McCulloch Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christopher_Wren Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matt_Frewer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jim_Wilson_(producer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sam_Togwell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Henry_Fonda Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jimmy_Quinn_(footballer,_born_1959) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Melanie_Griffith Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Claude_Davis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Egidio_Arévalo_Ríos Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Francesco_Zanoncelli Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Bolton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/O'Neill_Donaldson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jimmy_Gauld Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oliver_Bozanic Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Milton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Emmanuel_Oyeleke Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dave_van_den_Bergh Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Maurice_Sendak Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stephen_Reed_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Foster Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leo_McCarey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_O'Sullivan_(Welsh_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jon_Polito Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ron_Futcher Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Claudio_Reyna Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Warren_Feeney Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Luca_Toni Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Iyseden_Christie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jonathan_Greening Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matt_Hill_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Sharp_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nigel_Reo-Coker Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Bremner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dirk_Bogarde Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Judi_Dench Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Blair_Underwood Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nile_Ranger Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Isabelle_Huppert Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nacer_Barazite Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Derek_Ferguson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bobby_Campbell_(Northern_Irish_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frank_Sinclair Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Iván_Campo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Josh_Walker_(English_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adam_Proudlock Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matt_Lucas Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stephen_Dawson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leighton_Meester Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lesley_Ann_Warren Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colin_Walker_(footballer,_born_1958) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Beardsley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dann_Gallucci Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Horner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Arnott Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Guidetti Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Moncur Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fitz_Hall Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carmen_Electra Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bob_Curry Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_Trejo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gene_Colan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adlène_Guedioura Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Don_Black_(lyricist) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ismail_Merchant Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dan_Castellaneta Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Agnew Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_McConnohie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_F._Boyle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leander_Paes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jay_Kogen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Reuben_Hazell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roy_Carroll Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Whoopi_Goldberg Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shirley_Temple Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Douglas Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Philippe_Senderos Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scott_Bevan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eddie_Firmani Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jude_Law Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jeff_Probst Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_O'Grady Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Stack Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Abdoulaye_Faye Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dennis_Oli Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Miranda_Otto Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Finney Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anna_Gunn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jimmy_Chalmers Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Keith_Richards Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hal_Robson-Kanu Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kim_Cattrall Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Keith_Jarrett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Luís_Lourenço Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Lindley_(musician) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ellie_Kemper Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vilmos_Zsigmond Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Raïs_M'Bolhi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Julieta_Venegas Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lorraine_Bracco Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Phil_Collinson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dean_Keates Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Mitchum Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dani_Osvaldo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/R._Madhavan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Samuel_Fuller Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Erica_Mann Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jorma_Taccone Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colin_Hill Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cliff_Richard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Phil_Boyer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Duane_Darby Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Shinner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sam_Vokes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Clohessy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Tork Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Grey_DeLisle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Al_Roker Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mustapha_Carayol Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Daniel_Nestor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Orlando_Engelaar Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tommy_Langley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Phil_Collins Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Evans_(footballer,_born_1885) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Flea_(musician) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Rachubka Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Julie_Walters Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Cromwell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stephen_Goosson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harry_Redknapp Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Hyde_Pierce Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rainn_Wilson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andrea_Bowen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Battersby Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Marsden Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jonathan_Fortune Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lewin_Nyatanga Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Martin_Luther_King_Jr. Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Russell_T_Davies Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Norman_Foster,_Baron_Foster_of_Thames_Bank Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arthur_Laurents Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tina_Fey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nicolás_Canales Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rob_Corddry Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Don_Zimmerman_(film_editor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Merle_Haggard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dane_Cook Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Grant_Holt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Serkis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carl_Fletcher_(Welsh_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Donald_Fagen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Victor_Garber Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_Moores Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Bruce Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Delmer_Daves Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/László_Kubala Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Loretta_Young Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jack_Collison Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alec_Guinness Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Nicholas_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Conor_Sammon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jon_Lovitz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mauro_Airez Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Edwards_(footballer,_born_1980) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alexander_Kačaniklić Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jani_Viander Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_Rush Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jimmy_Hartley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dave_Norton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Greg_Bear Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sherjill_MacDonald Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Benito_Mussolini Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Liburd_Henry Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rich_Little Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_O._Russell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jim_Leighton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Crispin_Freeman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Grant_McCann Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jamie_Day_(footballer,_born_1979) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lon_Chaney Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Derek_McInnes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Maurizio_Ganz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Taraji_P._Henson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jeremy_Piven Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Luke_Foster Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_Kaye Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Maik_Taylor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Wilby Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gabriel_Yared Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dan_Simmons Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cheech_Marin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Samuel_Eto'o Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stephen_Hawking Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jenna_Fischer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alex_Kingston Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Zé_Elias Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Clayton_Donaldson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wayne_Henderson_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thomas_Henry_Huxley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Geoffrey_Rush Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jimmy_Bauchop Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Miljan_Mrdaković Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/K.d._lang Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adam_Smith_(footballer,_born_1992) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arnold_Schwarzenegger Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Herbert_Hoover Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Verse_Simmonds Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Paymer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Massimo_Paganin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Simon_Davies_(footballer,_born_1974) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Craig_Bellamy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Proctor_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Njogu_Demba-Nyrén Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Jones_(footballer,_born_1984) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Siobhan_Finneran Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Craig_McAllister Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Feig Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Josh_Lucas Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stephen_Stills Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Byrne_(footballer,_born_1961) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harry_Dean_Stanton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Herbert_Lom Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jonny_Hayes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sneha_(actress) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jack_Bruce Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bernard_Mendy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Franz_Carr Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/W._H._Auden Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rudolf_Peierls Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gavin_Heeroo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Milius Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Courteney_Cox Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Sealy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Luke_Daniels Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sam_Shepard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bob_Fosse Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tyrese_Gibson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alice_Cooper Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lars_Hirschfeld Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frank_Swift Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alexandre_Geijo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jennifer_Connelly Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jake_Taylor_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scott_Parker Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thomas_Haden_Church Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neil_Gaiman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Edwards_(footballer,_born_1963) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Konchesky Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bill_Wyman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Al_Jourgensen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Henry_Rollins Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Philip_Pullman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Naveen_Andrews Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Armand_Gnanduillet Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Toby_Ajala Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stevie_Nicks Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Selena_Gomez Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Donald_Sumpter Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aida_Turturro Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Redford Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ricardo_Fuller Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Billy_Whitehurst Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joseph_Mills Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Billy_Bob_Thornton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Luke_Wilkshire Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michele_Serena Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Greg_Ayres Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sam_Trammell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Meena_(actress) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/PJ_Harvey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Milton_Krasner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oscar_Wilde Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anita_Baker Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Hemmings Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Ball_Jr. Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Viktor_Paço Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nick_Burton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joe_Davies_(footballer,_born_1866) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ivan_Tričkovski Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joe_Pasternak Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Oster Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Hendrie_(Scottish_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Walliams Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Georgi_Donkov Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jacob_Blyth Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_White_(footballer,_born_1939) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Naomi_Watts Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stanley_Kubrick Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cate_Blanchett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joleon_Lescott Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thandie_Newton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Burt_Bacharach Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Keith_Moon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Janeane_Garofalo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mickey_Rourke Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Dickson_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Lee_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Baykal_Kulaksızoğlu Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nick_Mason Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stephen_Baxter_(author) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jordan_Bowery Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charlotte_Rampling Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christian_Smith_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Abigail_Breslin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Chapman_(cinematographer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mustapha_Dumbuya Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lyle_Lovett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brian_Jones Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sean_Farrell_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bob_Odenkirk Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dino_De_Laurentiis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Farida_Jalal Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Julian_Fellowes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sam_Aiston Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Enrico_Fermi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_McAnespie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Oxley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Wright_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brian_Croft Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jack_Huston Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Valmiro_Lopes_Rocha Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Ince Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Phil_Whitehead Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harry_King_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Knopfler Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vladimir_Jugović Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joseph_Cotten Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yannick_Bolasie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sanjay_Dutt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Freddie_Ljungberg Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bebe_Neuwirth Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Glen_Crowe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_K._Polk Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Raúl_Díaz_Arce Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wayne_Brown_(footballer,_born_August_1977) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Burton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Partridge Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Rennie_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nathan_Byrne Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Edward_Woodward Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kwame_Ampadu Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Ainsley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gerry_Creaney Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christian_Eduardo_Giménez Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rosario_Dawson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andrea_Orlandi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Graham_Stack_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hayden_Panettiere Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alejandro_Scopelli Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ryan_Brunt_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Harkins Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Quincy_Adams Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_Bannen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lionel_Richie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Laurie_Sheffield Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Brady Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Branco_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Hall_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Rodgers Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_Stewart_(Northern_Irish_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Winona_Ryder Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Manny_Marroquin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brian_Austin_Green Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Siddique_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Artell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roger_Corman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Evans_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mike_Patton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dermot_Curtis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Katy_Perry Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rory_Albanese Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Esteban_Cambiasso Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Jones_(footballer,_born_1964) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ishmel_Demontagnac Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Daniel_Barenboim Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mario_Kassar Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brian_Cox_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yoann_Arquin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sandy_Brown_(footballer,_born_1879) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Henry_Sherman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Giuseppe_Dossena Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stephen_Frears Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Manish_Malhotra Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eric_Nixon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Phelps Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ricardo_Ferretti Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jason_Beckford Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mike_B._Anderson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fred_Griffiths_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jim_McCalliog Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Raphael_Saadiq Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Byrne Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jake_Carroll Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lawrie_Dudfield Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Simon_Livett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Pressman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Nyman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eamonn_O'Keefe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_McClelland_(footballer,_born_1955) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alex_MacDonald_(footballer,_born_1990) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nick_McKoy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Ladd Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lewis_Guy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Eagles Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jon_Stewart Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Edgaras_Jankauskas Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sophie_Thompson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adele Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Francisco_Valmerino_Neri Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dave_Mackay Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Greg_Strong Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Billy_Mckay Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steven_Berkoff Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Bennett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bjarne_Goldbæk Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Agha_Siraj_Durrani Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Riley_(soccer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Arkin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dan_Curtis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yanni Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kinji_Fukasaku Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jerome_Thomas Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Williams_(footballer,_born_1970) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Gow Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thierry_Henry Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Wells_(filmmaker) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ming-Na_Wen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Seefried Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Luke_Graham_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paddy_Sloan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Watson_(footballer,_born_1946) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frank_Farina Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_McShane Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Casey_Affleck Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rob_Jones_(footballer,_born_1979) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Terry_Dunfield Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Derek_Lilley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matthew_Kilgallon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jackie_Shroff Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Tudyk Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Edlund Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Akiva_Goldsman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Lovell_(Welsh_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Olympia_Dukakis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anthony_Anderson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Calvin_Zola Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rupert_Everett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Herman_Melville Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mathieu_Manset Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Caig Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Sylbert Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vince_Gilligan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dean_Tavoularis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Simon_Cowell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joe_Haverty Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Johnson_(footballer,_born_1976) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lionel_Barrymore Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Member_of_Congress Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carl_Cort Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jim_Morrison Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Botti Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Murray_Jones Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sebastian_Krys Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Foggon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Goodwillie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mohanlal Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matt_Derbyshire Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ava_Gardner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Levin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Modibo_Diakité Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Larry_Klein Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Keith_Treacy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gordon_Owen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Murray_Rothbard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jack_L._Warner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Naseeruddin_Shah Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dalian_Atkinson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gus_Uhlenbeek Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jamie_Ward Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Niall_Thompson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Clint_Hill_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stuart_Elliott_(footballer,_born_1977) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bill_Berry Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dinitia_Smith Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Elisabeth_Shue Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Björn_Runström Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mo_Camara Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Tonge Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Gray_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Crown Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Devlin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Zoe_Saldana Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Urby_Emanuelson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ricardo_Fernandes_(footballer,_born_April_1978) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Famke_Janssen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Allan_Johnston Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dean_Brill Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neve_Campbell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jon_Stead Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Antoine_Sibierski Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Denholm_Elliott Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Corey_Burton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Xavier_Gravelaine Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colin_Calderwood Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Claremont Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Djamel_Abdoun Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oliver_Stone Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Martin_Rowlands Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harry_Andrews Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stuart_Cash Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sergei_Rachmaninoff Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Wolyniec Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Ince Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Octavio_De_La_Grana Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_W._Smith Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marc_Edworthy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Terry_Howard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Ruddy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Feroze_Khan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_Rose_(footballer,_born_1990) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Goram Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Downing_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jacqueline_Bisset Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Artie_Lange Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arron_Davies Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Buddy_DeSylva Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ricardo_Vaz_Tê Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Kerslake Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joseph_M._Schenck Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lyndsy_Fonseca Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anders_Jacobsen_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/C._J._Cherryh Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pablo_Cáceres_Rodríguez Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sean_Lennon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Martin_Mull Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harry_Graham_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Martin_Thomas_(footballer,_born_1959) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lauren_Holly Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Graham_Newton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Loudon_Wainwright_III Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Emmanuel_Adebayor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Capaldi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Forrester_(footballer,_born_1934) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Todd_Field Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Simon_Stainrod Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tim_Armstrong Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Edge Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thomas_Brodie-Sangster Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Drew_Barrymore Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Elton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Madan_Puri Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marco_Zamboni Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frank_Vincent Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jeffrey_Tambor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Trevor_Ross Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jobi_McAnuff Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rhys_Wilmot Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stuart_Storer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Billy_Dodds Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joseph_Stalin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shaun_Jeffers Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Don_DeLillo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jamie_Slabber Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Antti_Niemi_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Turnbull_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Douglas_Shearer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kath_Soucie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carlos_Santana Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Didier_Deschamps Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jon_Newby Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alphonse_Tchami Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Udo_Kier Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Barry_Gibb Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matt_McNeil Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Lucas Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jay_Mohr Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/RuPaul Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Finnan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Pearson_(footballer,_born_1963) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matthew_Bates Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ron_Paul Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fergie_(singer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steven_MacLean_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Megan_McTavish Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jajá Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dick_Powell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Johnny_Gorman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Itzhak_Perlman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_McLeod_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arthur_J._Nascarella Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Linda_Ronstadt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Oldman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nick_Chadwick Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Martin_Woods Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joyce_Carol_Oates Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Geovanni Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_Glover Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pim_Verbeek Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Elliot_Kebbie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Crichton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Elaine_May Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Clint_Black Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Caleb_Deschanel Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Craig_Russell_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stuart_Baxter Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cat_Stevens Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stephen_Jackson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dario_Argento Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Cook Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Williams_(footballer,_born_1968) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Selleck Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Vairelles Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Laurent_Robert Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Grzegorz_Szamotulski Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Armenian_Apostolic_Church Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joe_Diffie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Meshell_Ndegeocello Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dinah_Shore Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fernando_Giudicelli Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Melfi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Morello Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Karl_Malden Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fat_Joe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Clive_Barker Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wyclef_Jean Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/T_Bone_Burnett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frederick_Zollo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_Baraclough Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_Fowler Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Drake_Bell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Connell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jean_Passanante Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gavin_McCallum Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Olof_Mellberg Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pam_Grier Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Florin_Răducioiu Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ralph_Bellamy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Giovani_dos_Santos Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yasser_Arafat Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dion_Dublin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kotono_Mitsuishi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Minnie_Driver Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Margaret_Atwood Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kristin_Chenoweth Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_Shittu Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vincent_D'Onofrio Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Karleigh_Osborne Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Lee_Roth Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Grant_Hall Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charlie_Livesey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matt_Smith_(footballer,_born_1989) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Nutter Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Milsom Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Debbie_Harry Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bob_Hope Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frankie_Faison Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Kelly_(association_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Amarildo_Tavares_da_Silveira Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ademola_Bankole Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Barnett_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Derek_Jacobi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joe_Ward_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Bullock Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_McAvoy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Daddy_Yankee Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Summerfield Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Francis_Ford_Coppola Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kenny_Burns Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Barbra_Streisand Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ted_MacDougall Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nathan_Koo-Boothe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Krasinski Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Wood_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Richardson_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christopher_Columbus Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Susannah_York Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Raphael_Meade Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/I._M._Pei Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Johnson_(producer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Elliott Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brian_Mooney Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ben_Wilson_(English_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sieb_Dijkstra Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colin_Hawkins Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nikola_Petković Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_III_of_the_United_Kingdom Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Daniel_Inouye Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dominic_Iorfa Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Corbett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pat_Benatar Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brendan_Coyle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Emyr_Huws Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anna_Faris Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Margot_Kidder Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christopher_McCulloch Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Savio_Nsereko Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Dingell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Youssef_El_Akchaoui Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Louis_XIV_of_France Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pamela_Anderson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vince_Grella Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Swasey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Norman_Thomson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Mancina Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dave_Wittenberg Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Williams_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Toumani_Diagouraga Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Dick Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mervyn_LeRoy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christopher_Cross Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hayden_Foxe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_Peltier Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mohamed_Sissoko Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Federico_Macheda Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alfie_Conn_Jr. Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Yeates Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Phil_Kite Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Agnes_Moorehead Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colin_Cameron_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Colfer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nicole_Scherzinger Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Daniel_Kearns_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jamal_Campbell-Ryce Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Smith_(footballer,_born_1964) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kelly_Haag Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Zé_Roberto Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Martyn_Waghorn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harvey_Fierstein Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ryan_Gosling Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aleksa_Palladino Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Beverly_D'Angelo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steven_Boyack Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oussama_Assaidi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Benoît_Cauet Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Laxmikant–Pyarelal Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Freddie_Veseli Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Newman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charlize_Theron Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dave_Barnett_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hispanic Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christian_Corrêa_Dionisio Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pandro_S._Berman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Unsworth Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frank_Capra Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_Helliwell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matt_Harrold Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rod_Steiger Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Mahorn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paresh_Rawal Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Graham_Benstead Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Diego_Fabbrini Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kikuko_Inoue Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Petterson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Rudd Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gabriel_Cichero Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nicole_Richie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_Jones_(footballer,_born_1970) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cyril_Domoraud Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kellie_Martin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jack_Black Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charlie_MacDonald Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Nicholls Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ray_Bradbury Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Darren_Roberts_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Conor_Wilkinson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anne_Bancroft Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_Thomas_(footballer,_born_1981) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Warhol Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jon_Stone Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Al_Gore Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shane_Lowry_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jon_Voight Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Heckingbottom Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roman_Bednář Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jack_McBrayer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Loretta_Devine Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/György_Orth Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scott_Brown_(footballer,_born_April_1985) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Allan_Gilliver Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gaby_Mudingayi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stanley_Tucci Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Waheeda_Rehman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Mensah Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anthony_Quinn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harry_Shearer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ramón_Núñez Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Herculez_Gomez Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jules_White Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Byrne_(footballer,_born_1972) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dave_Kitson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Trevor_Carson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tara_Reid Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Martin_Pike_(English_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Johnny_Cash Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Leguizamo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rick_Rubin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nicky_Wroe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Turner_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mithun_Chakraborty Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Julianna_Margulies Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Patrick_Suffo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Phil_King_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Campbell_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kid_Cudi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fyodor_Dostoyevsky Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Archibald_Rawlings Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wayne_Bridge Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Zavon_Hines Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Eaves Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Jonas Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Cherry Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Elliot_Goldenthal Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Daniel_Majstorović Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kathleen_Barr Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pierre_Boulez Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jim_Paterson_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kieron_St_Aimie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jeff_Goldblum Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marc_Joseph Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Heinz_Roemheld Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ben_Gordon_(footballer,_born_1991) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dan_O'Shannon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Henry_Hathaway Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bill_Melendez Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tracey_Ullman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Loretta_Lynn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Slash_(musician) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_S._Burroughs Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Demi_Lovato Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matty_Kennedy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Treat_Williams Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Grégory_Tadé Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ronnie_Ekelund Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kieran_Agard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rob_Schneider Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brian_Henson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ringo_Starr Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Antoine_Hey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Cukor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Federico_Bessone Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Armand_Traoré Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Jordan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anthony_Pulis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Cage Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Appleby Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/S._Epatha_Merkerson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/BeBe_Winans Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Helena_Bonham_Carter Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jason_Flemyng Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Smith_(footballer,_born_1980) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joe_Berlinger Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Caldwell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jagdeep Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jordan_Slew Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jena_Malone Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alex_Song Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Graham_Coughlan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Earl_Barrett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Geraldine_Somerville Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stuart_Naylor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_Hall_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mindaugas_Kalonas Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Albert_Holmes_(footballer,_born_1885) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gustave_Bahoken Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Imelda_Staunton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Reece_Styche Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Syd_Barrett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bill_Paxton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marco_Baroni Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alex_Lawless Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neil_Grayson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Igor_Stravinsky Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ron_Fearon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Johannes_Brahms Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kenny_Brown_(footballer,_born_1967) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Don_Hutchison Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Junger_Witt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christian_Panucci Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/KT_Tunstall Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Iffy_Onuora Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neal_H._Moritz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sacha_Opinel Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jonah_Hill Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thomas_Edison Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ally_Graham Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brian_Robbins Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gloria_Estefan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jennifer_Morrison Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Giovanni_Savarese Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Henry_Grace Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Keith_Curle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ibrahim_Ba Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jim_Henson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mario_Lopez Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harold_Faltermeyer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robin_Thicke Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sean_Dyche Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jeremy_Davies Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Delron_Buckley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alf_Horne Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Junior_Lewis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Cotterill Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Leung_Chiu-wai Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jean-Philippe_Javary Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Porter_(footballer,_born_1983) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nikolai_Rimsky-Korsakov Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frédéric_Piquionne Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Walt_Whitman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Clarence_Seedorf Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Dougherty Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nick_Barmby Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bobby_Gould Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Martin_Balsam Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Will.i.am Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nigel_Pepper Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Gerrard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lorenz_Hart Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Giorgos_Donis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Keith_Carradine Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bob_Kane Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marc_North Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dean_Sturridge Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christopher_Lee Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eddie_Vedder Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Craig_Beattie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rickey_Henderson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_McGovern Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Russell_Coughlin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tim_Ryan_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Jones_(footballer,_born_1967) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Vaughan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jamie_Waite Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frank_R._McKelvy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Brazil Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Legend Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shane_Smeltz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Albert_Baning Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Abedi_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Patrick_Stewart Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jonathan_Douglas Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_Sonner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_Hurt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Olivia_d'Abo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Damon_Lindelof Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Ward_(footballer,_born_1962) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matthew_Lillard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nick_Broomfield Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tommy_Wright_(footballer,_born_1984) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stewart_Copeland Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alex_Rhodes_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rowan_Atkinson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Diomansy_Kamara Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Pangborn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carl_Robinson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adolph_Green Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Allen_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Thomas_King Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sonic_Youth Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Green Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hugh_Jackman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Barack_Obama Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jason_Brown_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Darren_Huckerby Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matthew_Connolly Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marcel_Duchamp Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Benji_Madden Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kyle_Lightbourne Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Darren_Carter Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Halle_Berry Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Attorneys_in_the_United_States Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Henri_Bergson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Didier_Domi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Harper_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Julia_Louis-Dreyfus Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Igor_Mitreski Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adam_Levine Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Olivia_Wilde Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Karl_Hawley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neil_MacKenzie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kurt_Cobain Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dougie_Bell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Josh_Thompson_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_C._Calhoun Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Edward_James_Olmos Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dionne_Warwick Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jim_Jonsin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Freddy_Rodriguez_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dimitar_Berbatov Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leandro_Augusto Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rani_Mukerji Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Marlet Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roy_Essandoh Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cristian_Pasquato Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Penelope_Ann_Miller Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andrew_Barrowman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Horace_Williams Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Luke_Chadwick Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jimmy_Bissett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oliver_Cromwell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Facundo_Erpen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joel_Madden Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jérôme_Rothen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gene_Callahan_(production_designer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Hooper Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kei_Kamara Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joss_Whedon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Ricketts Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neil_McNab Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ray_Wilkins Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jamie_Clapham Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Archibald Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stephen_Warnock Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rob_Edwards_(footballer,_born_1982) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vladimir_Lenin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Federico_Giampaolo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fred_Tatasciore Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stuart_Barlow Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Evans_(footballer,_born_1974) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frank_Spotnitz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/United_States_Secretary_of_the_Treasury Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Boreanaz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kaid_Mohamed Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Phil_Babb Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Juan_Sebastián_Verón Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Cross Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Trevor_Smith_(footballer,_born_1910) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Charles Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ade_Akinbiyi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_Jackman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_Orbit Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Mayer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dino_da_Costa Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mo_Johnston Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Barron Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alexander_Payne Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Travolta Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roland_Anderson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Duffy_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fred_Ramscar Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marco_Zanchi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Al_Green Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aishwarya_Rai Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jim_Carrey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lindsay_Lohan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_Sanderson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ronnie_Coyle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stuart_McMillan_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Giuseppe_Verdi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Irving_Berlin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Serge_Gakpé Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jamie_McCombe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jayma_Mays Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Georg_Solti Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/César_Prates Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Simeon_Hodson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Griffin_Dunne Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Philip_Roth Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Darren_Beckford Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vittorio_Storaro Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mel_Brooks Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bindu_(actress) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Terry_Owen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Terence_Blanchard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Julie_Andrews Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carmine_Infantino Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christian_Nadé Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Daniel_Craig Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stephen_Bywater Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cuca_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adam_Federici Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Max_von_Sydow Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sam_Waterston Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dante_Ferretti Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Hart Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Tate Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Coyne Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Gough Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jermaine_Dupri Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Clark_Masters Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lammie_Robertson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_Drinkwater Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ronny_Cox Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rachel_McAdams Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jamie_Foxx Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_A._Wellman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Madeline_Kahn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pete_Townshend Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_Glover Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Austin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carol_Leifer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Winwood Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leon_Shamroy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Daryl_Murphy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stockard_Channing Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kurt_Russell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Lerner_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_Glover_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Sirico Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alyssa_Milano Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brian_Howard_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hans_Christian_Andersen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Gall Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Earle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_McCracken Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_York Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alberto_Gilardino Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Didier_Drogba Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Shalhoub Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mike_Pelino Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Giorgio_Moroder Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nora_Ephron Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paddy_McCourt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shilpa_Shetty Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Kirschner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ricky_Martin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yossi_Benayoun Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roy_Wegerle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gretchen_Mol Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_DiMaggio Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jesse_Carver Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stuart_Balmer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steven_Caldwell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Keaton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alf_Dean Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mike_Marsh_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Waide_Fairhurst Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kirk_Douglas Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yul_Brynner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jamie_Vincent Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shemp_Howard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_F._McGowan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nicky_Adams Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Burridge Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scott_Sabourin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pierre_Trudeau Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Amy_Poehler Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Woods Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Liam_Brady Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bruce_McGill Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ralph_Burns Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Atticus_Ross Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frank_Borzage Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Anderson_(footballer,_born_1904) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joe_Walsh Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Moyes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jean-Paul_Sartre Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jimmy_Rayner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_Holden Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Byrne_(footballer,_born_1939) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Daniel_Nardiello Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dylan_Kerr Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Valeri_Bojinov Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Hackett_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Martin_Paterson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nick_Deacy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mike_Pollitt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Billy_Corgan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Brien Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_Ormondroyd Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bob_Gunton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anthony_McNamee Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harry_Shum_Jr. Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Dinklage Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dabney_Coleman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brad_Paisley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lloyd_Alexander Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lebanese_Americans Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tim_Flowers Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dettmar_Cramer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Amanda_Bynes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_Miller_(footballer,_born_1955) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Cruise Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_O'Callaghan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cory_Monteith Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Gaudio Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gene_Reynolds Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Boman_Irani Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kemy_Agustien Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alexander_Merkel Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shay_Given Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Daniel_Hernández_(soccer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dexter_Blackstock Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_Hendon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vanderlei_Luxemburgo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Luigi_Pieroni Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anthony_Gerrard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Megumi_Hayashibara Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Myles_Weston Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nick_Park Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Marsters Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/José_Rodrigues_Neto Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Theodore_Bikel Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Bodin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Pratt_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shirley_Jones Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_O'Neill_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Notorious_B.I.G. Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jason_Isaacs Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Malcolm_Arnold Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Donald_M._Payne Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peng_Dehuai Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adam_West Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Soloway Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Renato_Portaluppi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Armand_Oné Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Darren_Williams Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Barry_Prenderville Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_Goldman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Burnett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Horace_Cumner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tiffani_Thiessen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Mardenborough Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mena_Suvari Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Islam_Feruz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neil_Cox_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joan_Blondell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Taylor_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lloyd_Kaufman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Friar Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oscar_Hold Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ryan_Phillippe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Drewe_Broughton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alessandro_Diamanti Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frank_Skinner_(composer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hernán_Crespo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joel_David_Moore Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Glen_Little Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michelle_Williams_(actress) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Roberts_(footballer,_born_1946) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Robson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Elizabeth_McGovern Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Maurizio_Iorio Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marc_Laird Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kylie_Minogue Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Telly_Savalas Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_S._Fox Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Kimble Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_McCarrick Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jessica_Simpson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dana_Delany Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Elijah_Wood Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rivers_Cuomo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Maurice_Setters Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mario_Puzo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Scully Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scott_Adsit Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Bull Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Lorre Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Edward_G._Robinson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Dibble Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harry_Roberts_(footballer,_born_1907) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jonathan_Gould Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Giampaolo_Pazzini Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Simon_Royce Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_Murphy_(footballer,_born_1977) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joe_Anyinsah Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andrew_Scheinman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dean_Kiely Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Ansah Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robbie_Fowler Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shin-ichiro_Miki Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andrew_Davies_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arnon_Milchan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paris_Hilton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tim_Robbins Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_Higginbotham Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jack_Elam Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Hong Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_M._Sherman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brian_Parkin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Megson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jess_Harnell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gareth_Roberts_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mo_Harkin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Cleese Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neil_Simon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carl_Dickinson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Elmer_Bernstein Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Billy_Hodgson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Don_Henley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Angela_Lansbury Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colin_Cramb Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kate_Hudson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Billy_Kellock_(footballer,_born_1954) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Søren_Kierkegaard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jaime_Pressly Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Walter_Benjamin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_Harte Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wes_Thomas Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Fleischman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eric_Burdon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Governor_of_Massachusetts Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adewale_Akinnuoye-Agbaje Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leon_Cort Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ben_Williams_(footballer,_born_1982) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ben_Roberts_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Maicon_Santos Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fritz_Lang Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Herbert_Lyon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Simpkins Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oguchi_Onyewu Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matthew_Modine Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arthur_C._Clarke Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bruce_Greenwood Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rod_Serling Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Phil_Jevons Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dries_Boussatta Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Tisdale Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bobby_Deol Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kelly_Clarkson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jane_Espenson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lloyd_Dyer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Craig_Carlson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Tucker Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cédric_Roussel Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Gauss Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Gordon_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jason_Kidd Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Guylain_Ndumbu-Nsungu Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gareth_Taylor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lisa_Kudrow Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jake_Findlay Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Clarence_Brown Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Raynor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Keira_Knightley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Carlock Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Downey_Jr. Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yemi_Odubade Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stuart_Nelson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tommy_Bogan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Glenn_Cockerill Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andre_Blackman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ryan_Harley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Noel_Blake Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Barry_Silkman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_La_Frenais Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Bell_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neil_McBain Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Graham_Horn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kirk_Franklin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Connor_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Diane_Sawyer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lady_Gaga Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alex_Graves Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Fassbender Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_McNulty_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bob_Malcolm Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Audrey_Hepburn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Karim_Rekik Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kamal_Haasan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jewel_(singer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rosanna_Arquette Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nikola_Jurčević Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gerry_Peyton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Reubens Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wilson_Kamavuaka Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carlos_Ochoa Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Sellers Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leroy_Lita Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Renny_Harlin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Greg_Nicotero Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Edgar_Meyer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Serj_Tankian Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Maximilian_Schell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Queen_Latifah Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jean_Simmons Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christophe_Beck Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Reuben_Reid Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roger_Daltrey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Enoch_Showunmi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nikolai_Gogol Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hermann_Hesse Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Pronger Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Phil_Stant Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Burt_Reynolds Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Babyface_(musician) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steven_Moffat Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eric_Wynalda Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mike_Barker_(producer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Akira_Ishida Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bruce_Rioch Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Melville Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Heidi_Klum Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Samuel_Goldwyn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jack_Midson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Forest_Whitaker Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Allan_Holdsworth Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brendan_O'Connell_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rainer_Werner_Fassbinder Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Blake_Edwards Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_M._Thompson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_McShane_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jack_Vance Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Suchet Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rakhee_Gulzar Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Farrelly Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Emerson_(footballer,_born_1972) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Liev_Schreiber Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Giuseppe_Greco_(footballer,_born_1983) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rudi_Skácel Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Katharine_Hepburn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ray_Hankin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Edward_Shearmur Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Lisbie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Cooper Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Beattie_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Graeme_Revell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cole_Porter Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Price_(writer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Wain Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joe_Bradshaw_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eminem Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Davis_(producer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Emanuele_Pesaresi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bondz_N'Gala Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anne_V._Coates Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sergei_Yuran Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rachel_Bilson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ralph_Vaughan_Williams Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Lynch_(association_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lawrence_Bender Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Clarke_Duncan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alejandro_Bedoya Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neil_Sullivan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Denílson_de_Oliveira_Araújo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Devin_Townsend Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Josh_Saunders Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Teri_Garr Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ben_Hecht Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pyotr_Ilyich_Tchaikovsky Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dwane_Lee Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joe_Pesci Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Barry_Horne_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ray_Moyer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Claire_Danes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alyson_Stoner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vyacheslav_Sviderskyi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Terence_Winter Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Russell_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dom_DeLuise Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kyle_Bartley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Preece_(footballer,_born_1976) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Reba_McEntire Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Robinson_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Diedrich_Bader Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andrew_Mangan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Martin_Heidegger Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Trisha_Yearwood Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Warhurst Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Elvis_Costello Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gábor_Király Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hank_Azaria Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Owens Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Doug_Flutie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Burns Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sissy_Spacek Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fernando_Riera Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rubén_González_Rocha Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shakti_Kapoor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Johnson_(sound_engineer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Athirson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dan_Harding Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Daniel_Handler Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_McCain Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hal_Smith_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Kightly Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joanne_Woodward Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ginger_Rogers Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Habib_Bamogo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Diego_Rubio Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Crosby Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Winston_Bogarde Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Legg Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Keanu_Marsh-Brown Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Van_Heflin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Lambert Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matt_Somner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Williams_(songwriter) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Graham_King Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Riggi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Martin_Williams_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Wong_Howe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Olivia_de_Havilland Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rob_Hulse Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sylvan_Ebanks-Blake Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Reese_Witherspoon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Blythe_Danner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Esteban_Solari Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Patton_Oswalt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Doris_Roberts Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Benton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jeffrey_Combs Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gordon_Willis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Williams_(Northern_Ireland_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Todd_(footballer,_born_1974) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brian_Godfrey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stephen_Henderson_(footballer,_born_1988) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Luca_Antonini Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Kettings Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_Naisbitt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Zayas Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Arnold_(footballer,_born_1989) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Graves Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alanis_Morissette Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Brooks Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Jenkins Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Henry_Bumstead Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harold_Pinter Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colin_Whitaker Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Pipe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andros_Townsend Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alec_Berg Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Hardy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Antoine_Kombouaré Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Wagner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/L._Frank_Baum Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jim_Broadbent Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_Petersen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jordi_Cruyff Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sandra_Oh Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Conrad_Logan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Kilcar Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brian_Dennehy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neil_Woods Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Robinson_(footballer,_born_November_1978) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Pleat Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yacine_Hima Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Watson_(footballer,_born_1975) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Maggie_Cheung Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ryan_McGivern Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anthony_Edwards Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Bresciano Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Simeon_Jackson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charles_Baudelaire Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stephen_Dorff Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brian_K._Vaughan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jackie_Gleason Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bruce_Campbell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Patricia_Heaton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matuzalém Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shirley_Knight Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Dryden Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pablo_Granoche Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ezequiel_Schelotto Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Patti_LaBelle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Owen_Wilson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dev_Patel Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Walter_Scharf Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Terry_Jones Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_Travilla Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sterling_Holloway Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joseph_LaShelle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Debney Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Simran_(actress) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Shire Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eve_Myles Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matt_Chamberlain Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tommy_Atherton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Luke_Guttridge Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lassana_Diarra Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christer_Warren Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Darran_Rowbotham Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aleandro_Rosi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Terence_Stamp Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wayne_Andrews_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eric_Odhiambo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jim_Jarmusch Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Delroy_Facey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Walter_Wanger Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Evaristo_de_Macedo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Terry_O'Quinn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Savo_Pavićević Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thora_Birch Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ted_Kennedy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Luke_Wilson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nathan_Peel Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Elia_Kazan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Norman_Mailer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dennis_Hopper Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Erik_Edman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dave_Goelz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michelle_Branch Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Prakash_Raj Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stan_Bowles Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Don_McKellar Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Spencer_(Scottish_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mary_Kay_Place Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ciarán_Toner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bobby_Wolff Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ben_Davies_(footballer,_born_1981) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_De_Niro Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tim_Curry Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mandy_Patinkin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lucas_Neill Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Johnny_Mandel Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Basil_Poledouris Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matt_Dillon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Lopez Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hershey_Bears Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Phil_Bolland Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ving_Rhames Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sammy_Clingan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/LeBron_James Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sylvain_Wiltord Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ludovic_Giuly Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alex_Zahavi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Preity_Zinta Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ken_Ralston Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Barry_Hayles Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Giambattista_Vico Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Billy_Hicks Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Djamel_Belmadi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Brown_(footballer,_born_1978) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Niko_Kranjčar Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Guus_Hiddink Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arjen_Anthony_Lucassen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dan_Wilson_(musician) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Taiwo_Atieno Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Patrick_Agyemang Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leo_Fortune-West Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pitbull_(rapper) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paulo_Costa_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yui_Horie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lamar_Odom Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Voice_acting_in_Japan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Max_Fleischer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marquinho_(footballer,_born_1986) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vivek_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/June_Foray Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neil_Young Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Callum_Keith_Rennie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dante_Spinotti Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gustavo_Cerati Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_McCarthy_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Rees Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Channing_Tatum Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yoann_Folly Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Ballhaus Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Zoumana_Bakayogo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/J._D._Salinger Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bruno_Zuculini Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_McClaren Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Viduka Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Lucchesi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Zach_Braff Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cedric_Gibbons Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charlie_Taylor_(footballer,_born_1985) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yunus_Parvez Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Craig_Reid_(footballer,_born_1985) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Daniel_Jones_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Philippe_Rousselot Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jack_Nicholson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Wallace_(footballer,_born_1991) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andrew_Schneider Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roy_Orbison Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Henry_(footballer,_born_1989) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Davies_(footballer,_born_1987) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Brabin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danijel_Pranjić Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mehcad_Brooks Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Antonio_de_Nigris Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Spike_Milligan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Sylvian Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scott_Vernon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Martie_Maguire Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Geffen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Gambon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hope_Davis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Omar_Daley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jimmy_Smits Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Grace_Jones Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sufjan_Stevens Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_Mills Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mare_Winningham Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Shuker Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Phil_Alden_Robinson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Danks Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alex_Weir_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Toifilou_Maoulida Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Connolly Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sean_Astin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Julian_de_Guzman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tommy_Mooney Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kaneto_Shiozawa Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ross_McCormack Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dilys_Award Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Dagnall Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Jay_Lerner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ashley_Grimes_(footballer,_born_1986) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carroll_Clark Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alex_Smith_(footballer,_born_1976) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yash_Chopra Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Acquafresca Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Tomlin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cicely_Tyson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dean_Gordon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Julian_Gray Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stanley_Aborah_(footballer,_born_1987) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Trollope Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ritchie_Jones Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Furlong Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richie_Partridge Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shwan_Jalal Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Emile_Sinclair Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ivan_Bandalovski Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Haworth Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Grant_Morrison Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jamie_Lawrence Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sam_Irving Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brett_Williams_(footballer,_born_1987) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Junior_Bent Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kemar_Roofe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mick_Harford Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cristian_Ansaldi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bryan_Forbes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Will_Ferrell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jack_Prince Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ray_Milland Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Segal Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_Lawther Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harold_Gould Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Secretary_of_state_(U.S._state_government) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Walton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Lamont Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bobby_Bell_(English_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Rhys-Davies Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_Devlin_(footballer,_born_1899) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lois_McMaster_Bujold Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cloris_Leachman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Yates_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Friedrich_Hayek Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Don_Givens Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kelly_Youga Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Elswit Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Craig_Dobson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Quincy_Jones Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jérôme_Leroy_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_McCormack Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Penn_Jillette Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ronald_Reagan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thomas_Mitchell_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rob_Thomas_(musician) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fred_Nidd Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ryan_Maxwell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mike_Leigh Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Barrowman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bojan_Djordjic Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Zhang_Ziyi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charles_LeMaire Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ray_Wallace_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Parker_Posey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Coburn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Kelly_(footballer,_born_1964) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Leo_Beleck Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Henry_Gibson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nathanael_Greene Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Blerim_Džemaili Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neil_Ramsbottom Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gordon_Milne Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Howard_Morris Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joan_Plowright Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Trevor_Whymark Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Seaman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Sayles Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marco_D'Alessandro Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Helen_(actress) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lalo_Schifrin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Williams_(footballer,_born_1962) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Patrice_Evra Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lou_Scheimer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Keith_Pritchett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Sweeney Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dario_Vidošić Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nigel_Walker_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ken_Annakin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sonny_Rollins Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Irwin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_MacKaye Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anurag_Kashyap Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Freddie_Prinze_Jr. Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gregg_Wylde Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Shore Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Corrado_Colombo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Justin_Long Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Emile_Hirsch Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Julio_Cortázar Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jay_Leno Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mahatma_Gandhi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Johnson_(footballer,_born_1951) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gulshan_Grover Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Martin_Hayes_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Walker_(footballer,_born_1965) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Elliott_Bennett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Patty_Duke Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bradley_Cooper Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Monsef_Zerka Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Turing Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_Fox Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Elizabeth_Taylor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dean_Morgan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Parker_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charlie_Williams_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_Simpson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Crenna Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A._R._Rahman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mo'Nique Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Helen_Hayes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charles_Durning Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jon_Sheffield Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Seamus_Heaney Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colin_Farrell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sylvia_Plath Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ricardo_Sousa Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alessandro_Rosina Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jyothika Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Khari_Stephenson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fred_Laycock Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sone_Aluko Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Simon_Colosimo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Navarro Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Dinning Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wayne_Bullimore Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kate_Beckinsale Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ritchie_Humphreys Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brian_Murphy_(association_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nigel_Quashie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Diego_Tardelli Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harry_Gregson-Williams Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jim_Belushi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Len_Jones_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andrew_Stanton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Miyuki_Sawashiro Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Robb Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Wenham Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Luis_Alonso_Sandoval Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pinto_Colvig Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lauren_Bacall Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bernard_Hill Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kim_Manners Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jake_Jervis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Martin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Sheen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Holly_Hunter Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_Eisenberg Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stan_Laurel Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Willie_Nelson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Demy_de_Zeeuw Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jermaine_Easter Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Vaughan_(footballer,_born_1988) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Morrow Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leelee_Sobieski Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mike_Small_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Kushner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Douglas_Haig,_1st_Earl_Haig Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Patrick_Kisnorbo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Holroyd Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Riehle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Karl_Urban Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Melvin_Van_Peebles Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Terry_Curran Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kristen_Bell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Pembridge Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thiago_Silva Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pete_Wentz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_McGoldrick Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colin_Doyle_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Mariner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kajol Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fredric_March Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stan_Davies Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ronnie_Mauge Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ryan_O'Neal Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kota_Srinivasa_Rao Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_F._Seitz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Allen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Casey_Kasem Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Earl_Scruggs Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Solomon_Taiwo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ben_Futcher Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dejan_Petković Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vincent_Gallo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nicolas_Marin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bill_Maher Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bill_Cox_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Italia_Conti Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Geoffrey_Unsworth Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vivica_A._Fox Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Paul_Kissock Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stephen_Sondheim Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Toni_Collette Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Keats Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steven_Dean_Moore Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bertrand_Bossu Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Enzo_Trossero Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rex_Harrison Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Levon_Helm Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mike_Oldfield Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shashi_Kapoor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Linda_Cardellini Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Walker_(footballer,_born_1884) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thomas_Pynchon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Winston_White Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_O'Brien_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matt_Lockwood Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nancy_Snyderman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bryn_Halliwell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rafael_Nadal Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wayne_Thomas_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jerry_Duplessis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tricky_Stewart Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arthur_Beadsworth Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steven_Blum Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Billy_McEwan_(footballer,_born_1951) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lance_Key Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roy_Haynes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Angelo_Badalamenti Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Barry_Siddall Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roger_Eli Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anthony_Le_Tallec Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kelsey_Grammer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Cooper_(footballer,_born_1968) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jordon_Ibe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dean_Koontz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scott_Oakes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ben_Sahar Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bobby_Davison Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Winchell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Obafemi_Martins Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rogério_Gaúcho Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Herbert_Stothart Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Emiliano_Insúa Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_Bryce Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alicia_Moore Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dawn_French Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Felix_Mendelssohn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brian_Tyler Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Freddie_Young Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jay_Roach Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bridget_Fonda Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_Andrews Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Om_Prakash Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joe_Garner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sam_Mendes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tracy_Morgan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jack_Doran Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Billy_Wilder Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Heather_O'Reilly Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Garry_Monk Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Craig_Nelthorpe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Adekola Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lloyd_Sam Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Smith_(footballer,_born_1960) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sarah_Jessica_Parker Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ryan_Reynolds Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gladys_Knight Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scott_Wiseman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jared_Borgetti Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joseph_R._Gannascoli Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anna_Adams Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dominic_Naylor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Karen_Black Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carmelo_Anthony Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Donner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Philliskirk Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dick_Allman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Howard_Hawks Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Gavin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Osborne Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_Ho_(footballer,_born_1984) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Zooey_Deschanel Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Keith_David Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/DeAndre_Yedlin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gregory_Peck Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Argel_Fucks Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gina_McKee Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michelle_Dockery Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jason_Scotland Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Omar_Sharif Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dennis_Franz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Cooper_(footballer,_born_1964) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lewis_Gobern Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aretha_Franklin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arthur_Schopenhauer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dwyane_Wade Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christian_Karembeu Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nelly Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cyndi_Lauper Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brian_Baumgartner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marc_Anthony Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Isaak Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Haruki_Murakami Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Burnett_Guffey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Damian_Lewis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bobby_Cannavale Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eileen_Brennan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rich_Sommer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steven_Soderbergh Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Isaac_Stern Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tuesday_Weld Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Patricia_Clarkson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pedro_Matías Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sarah_Silverman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richie_Sambora Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kwesi_Appiah Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nana_Patekar Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Judy_Davis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Derek_Kevan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Niven Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Giuseppe_Gemiti Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Abdulai_Bell-Baggie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jimmy_Broad Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thelma_Schoonmaker Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lyle_R._Wheeler Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kader_Mangane Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jack_Peart Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Burnside_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kyle_Perry Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Don_Heck Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_Hamilton_(footballer,_born_1967) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Foley_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harry_Morris_(footballer,_born_1897) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harold_Gough Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cajuns Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Celine_Dion Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ricky_Sappleton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Eustace Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Noonan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Terry_Butcher Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ajay_Devgn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jonathan_Forte Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Blessing_Kaku Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joan_Chen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Catherine_Zeta-Jones Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Fiedler Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Deon_Burton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gerry_Conway Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_McHale_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gavin_Strachan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sarah_Michelle_Gellar Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Noel_Gallagher Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marianne_Faithfull Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Letterman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christian_Edwards Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bruce_Grobbelaar Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ikechi_Anya Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Laurence_Fishburne Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gustavo_Franchin_Schiavolin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Laurie_Metcalf Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robin_Hulbert Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Abel_Xavier Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gwen_Stefani Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ricky_Ravenhill Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Ross Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Demi_Moore Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aasif_Mandvi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Boyz_II_Men Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Graham_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jim_Beaver Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ioan_Gruffudd Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mary_McDonnell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Mols Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Hurt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Marx Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scott_McNeil Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rob_Zombie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Walker_(footballer,_born_1977) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shane_Higgs Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mike_Nichols Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jim_Crawford_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leon_Knight Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jennifer_Esposito Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Victor_Hugo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Earl_Jones Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Julie_Benz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alexander_Hleb Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rob_Wolleaston Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Josh_Homme Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hoda_Kotb Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jack_Chadburn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Trevor_Ford Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frances_Marion Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rick_James Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Warney_Cresswell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jamar_Loza Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matthew_Upson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Baruch_Spinoza Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harry_Anstiss Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charles_Boyer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lionel_Messi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nicolas_Cage Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nikodimos_Papavasiliou Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jane_Austen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anne_McCaffrey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joe_Connor_(footballer,_born_1877) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dave_Hanson_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jane_Wyman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Luiz_Bombonato_Goulart Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Simon_Pegg Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Shaw_(British_actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roman_Wallner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thilakan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Calle_13_(band) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charlie_Sheen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jean_Cocteau Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richie_Foran Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neil_Franklin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Maurice_LaMarche Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Dunne Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Hector Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pete_Postlethwaite Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kenny_Loggins Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Cairns_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Onandi_Lowe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Wagner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Manny_Coto Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bill_Clinton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Graham_Fenton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Saul_Rubinek Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ricky_Gervais Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Todd_McFarlane Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Taribo_West Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jamie_Cullum Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Michael_Richardson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Luis_Hernández_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Rickman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Don_Carmody Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thomas_Christiansen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jerome_Flynn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neil_Kilkenny Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bruce_Cohen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Walter_Pidgeon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rob_Reiner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Viggo_Mortensen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dolly_Parton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nathan_Blake Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Louis_Gossett_Jr. Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Beau_Bridges Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frank_Stapleton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Lebenzon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sotirios_Kyrgiakos Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Billy_Connolly Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lilian_Nalis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Francis_Bacon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Oedekerk Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sander_Westerveld Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_J._Cobb Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gabrielle_Union Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wil_Wheaton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Holy_Roman_Emperor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Zachary_Taylor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_G._Avildsen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stephen_J._Cannell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andrea_Martin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dean_Williams_(footballer,_born_1972) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Hammond Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mike_Walker_(Welsh_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steven_Wright Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adel_Taarabt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_Atkins Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carole_King Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Isabella_Rossellini Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kane_Ferdinand Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Martin_Jol Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Djamel_Mesbah Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Getgood Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Torpey_(footballer,_born_1970) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nicole_Sullivan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jason_Momoa Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pran_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joe_Jackson_(musician) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Geoff_Scott_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dave_Grohl Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alfred_Gettins Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_Cameron_Menzies Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Curtis_Fleming Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kirk_Jackson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Cassavetes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mike_Henry_(voice_actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Method_Man Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Regis_Philbin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Liam_Ridgewell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_C._Reilly Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mike_Judge Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lily_Tomlin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Spencer_Weir-Daley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jack_Cork Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stanley_Donen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Francis_Joseph_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Preece Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jeffrey_Bruma Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Craig_Robinson_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ron_W._Miller Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jordon_Mutch Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Emilio_Estefan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin-Prince_Boateng Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Wright_(musician) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Burl_Ives Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Josh_Low Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Amara_Simba Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jule_Styne Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lucas_Silva_(footballer,_born_1984) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matthew_Barnes-Homer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tommy_Doherty Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thomas_Mann Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joe_Addo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mack_Sennett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hal_Pereira Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thelonious_Monk Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anthony_Hopkins Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Billy_Sharp Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gilbert_Gottfried Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Avi_Lerner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Lee_(footballer,_born_1969) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Amari_Morgan-Smith Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Butler_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Micky_Quinn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Olivia_Newton-John Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Edward_G._Boyle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Zat_Knight Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andrew_Johnson_(English_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nick_Proschwitz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harry_Salt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marcus_Bent Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Evans_(footballer,_born_1973) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Karan_Johar Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jack_Webb Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ben_Marshall Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frank_Langella Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Márton_Fülöp Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Evander_Sno Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sunny_Deol Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ray_Stark Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jonathan_Pryce Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ira_Gershwin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kenneth_Brylle_Larsen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jesse_McCartney Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vittorio_De_Sica Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Patton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fred_Astaire Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Avi_Arad Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bela_Lugosi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alun_Armstrong_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anthony_Stokes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Prithviraj_Sukumaran Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_J._Folsey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Martín_Vásquez Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sebastián_Ribas Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Keith_Rowland Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rip_Torn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stuart_Brock Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Larry_Brown_(basketball) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Blayney Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jacob_Vargas Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Ustinov Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alex_Christie_(footballer,_born_1896) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vincent_Price Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anwar_Uddin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Banks Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Duke_of_Normandy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alex_O'Reilly Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Kennedy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kathleen_Quinlan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Josh_Payne Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/P._G._Wodehouse Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lauryn_Hill Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Katie_Holmes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scott_Loach Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kal_Penn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_Somerhalder Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Randy_Thom Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Daniel_Wu Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dougie_Freedman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frederick_Johnson_(writer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Phil_Bardsley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Meredith_Vieira Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pat_Byrne Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Titus_Welliver Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Allan_Russell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_B._Sherman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Spade Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brandy_Norwood Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hermann_Hreiðarsson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wayne_Gray_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Xzibit Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roald_Dahl Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Taylor_Hackford Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Luther_Blissett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Sutton_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Junior_McDougald Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brian_Doyle-Murray Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ingrid_Bergman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Graham_Moore_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dwayne_Johnson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Duberry Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mido_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dan_Hedaya Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jon_Avnet Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dwight_Tiendalli Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matt_Fry Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sofia_Coppola Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fisher_Stevens Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sean_McGinty Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_Smith_(writer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fred_Kennedy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Otto_Preminger Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gavin_Hoyte Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/T-Pain Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_O'Kane Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Sanborn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/50_Cent Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Chabon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marcia_Cross Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Louis_Saha Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matt_LeBlanc Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jeff_Bridges Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Swartzwelder Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mariah_Carey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leonard_Nimoy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Union_Cane Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Louis_C.K. Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Simon_Osborn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Billy_Zane Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Corbin_Bleu Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul-José_M'Poku Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Emma_Watson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Stipe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_Elfman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Hanks Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dan_Craig Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lawrence_Gordon_(producer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bill_Mantlo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Magno_Vieira Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Marsden Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ray_McKinnon_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Graziano_Pellè Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harold_Perrineau Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tommy_Johnson_(footballer,_born_1971) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anthony_Quayle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arthur_Miller Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bobby_Robson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Spike_Stent Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Moses Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Garry_Kimble Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jimmy_Kennedy_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kareena_Kapoor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Sinise Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Benik_Afobe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anne_Baxter Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Booker_T._Jones Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Simon_Whaley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cameron_Stewart_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Trevor_Francis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joss_Ackland Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Friedrich_Nietzsche Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stefano_Lombardi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mary_McCormack Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Norah_Jones Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jürgen_Colin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richie_Baker_(English_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Shannon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bappi_Lahiri Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fábio_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Todd_(footballer,_born_1979) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Craig_Maskell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bernardo_Corradi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jeffrey_Richman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bo_Diddley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Moses_Ashikodi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Zahn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Barry_Conlon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Betty_Comden Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/André_Luiz_Moreira Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Uwe_Boll Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Terry_Fleming Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Hartford Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Daley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vijay_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Hetfield Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Iain_Hume Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Éder_(Italian_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kasper_Schmeichel Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Allen_(footballer,_born_1972) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ekta_Kapoor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scott_Willis_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Malcolm_David_Kelley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Dini Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jim_Whitley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Feynman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Massimo_Marazzina Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jaap_Stam Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gabriel_Calderón Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nolberto_Solano Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/JoBeth_Williams Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carl_Davis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jonatan_Johansson_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Danzey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Rocastle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dannii_Minogue Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Utpal_Dutt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marko_Pantelić Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Green_(footballer,_born_1983) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Hughes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jared_Leto Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brian_Joy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lauren_Tom Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Flo_Rida Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sreenivasan_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kiernan_Hughes-Mason Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_Faulkner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Guilfoyle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Calum_Davenport Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Clancy_Brown Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Walter_Watkins Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Guillermo_Daniel_Rodríguez Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Mills_(footballer,_born_1981) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Martine_McCutcheon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jason_Roberts_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Zeljko_Kalac Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_DeCuir Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Billy_McKinlay Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frank_Zappa Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Slattery Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bill_Condon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mick_Harvey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Mason Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Q-Tip_(musician) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wally_Wingert Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tomasz_Cywka Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Connelly Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nick_Lachey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Cusack Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Josh_Wakefield Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_McKimson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leonard_Goldberg Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Barry_Pepper Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kathy_Baker Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dave_Thomas_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ryan_Stevenson_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ajith_Kumar Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jesse_Eisenberg Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jessalyn_Gilsig Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Emmanuel_Omoyinmi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Judy_Garland Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kay_Cannon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Milton_Friedman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Doug_Livingstone Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Levine Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Liam_Henderson_(English_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ronnie_Robinson_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Enzo_Scifo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harry_Belafonte Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ronnie_Wallwork Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matt_Hubbard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charo_Santos-Concio Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Izale_McLeod Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_T._Orr Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Smith_(footballer,_born_1991) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Ortiz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Amartya_Sen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carlton_Cuse Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Taylor-Fletcher Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Scott Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Maulik_Pancholy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Bauer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Javan_Vidal Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Taylor_Lautner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Honor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kayode_Odejayi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Raft Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Abdelkarim_Kissi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Johnson_(footballer,_born_1958) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kareem_Abdul-Jabbar Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ray_Manzarek Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adam_Bolder Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Iftekhar Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_McMahon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_McCallum_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/DMX_(rapper) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mako_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dominic_Monaghan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Irwin_Allen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Stamos Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Theo_Robinson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Phil_LaMarr Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lenny_Pidgeley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Graham_Ward_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Glen_A._Larson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jefferson_Louis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Priyadarshan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Barry_Corr Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Martin_(footballer,_born_1987) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bryan_Hodge Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Caolan_Lavery Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Knill Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kim_Basinger Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Louis_Page Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stuart_Baird Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Haskell_Wexler Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rebekah_Baines_Johnson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Juhi_Chawla Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jeffrey_Jones Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dave_Matthews Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jesus Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Collins_(footballer,_born_1990) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jay_Baruchel Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charlie_George Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eddie_Kelly_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/József_Viola Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Hume Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brian_Pinas Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anthony_Charles Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Haneke Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alex_Revell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Beckham Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marilyn_Bergman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hugh_Laurie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_Harty Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jerry_Seinfeld Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Locke Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ludacris Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gillian_Spencer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ryan_McCann Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fred_Quimby Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bill_Pullman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Will_Atkinson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Lonergan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_S._Darling Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Seymour_Cassel Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kristine_Sutherland Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roberto_Benigni Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Taylor_(footballer,_born_1964) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Craig_Ferguson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yoram_Globus Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Antonio_Valentín_Angelillo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Corrado_Grabbi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Elizabeth_Perkins Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hannah_Arendt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Rankine Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frances_Fisher Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Zemeckis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Geoff_Pitcher Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Graeme_Jones Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Pryor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Victor_Sikora Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nelly_Furtado Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gill_Swerts Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steven_Culp Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aaron_Spelling Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fred_Thompson_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gerry_Daly Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gil_Scott-Heron Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Heiner_Backhaus Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Diego_Walsh Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alex_McCulloch_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eddie_Youds Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Albert_Brooks Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Abdelaziz_Ahanfouf Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gena_Rowlands Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ashley_Carew Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Herbert_Ross Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stephen_King Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Panagiotis_Kone Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robbie_Coltrane Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_Boyle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jessica_Lange Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Curtiz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sampler_(musical_instrument) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Bennett_(footballer,_born_1981) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Walter_Zenga Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Nightwatchman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jake_Sedgemore Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jay_Simpson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mick_Jagger Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jimmy_Floyd_Hasselbaink Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jason_Segel Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scott_Lobdell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ramon_Menezes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leon_Russell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Updike Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Williamson_(screenwriter) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tim_Duncan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_Denzongpa Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Larry_Gelbart Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Larry_Fine Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Seal_(musician) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Franz_Waxman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Wood_(English_actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Urmila_Matondkar Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stephanie_Morgenstern Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Luciano_Figueroa Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nick_Blackman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kirstie_Alley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Glenn_Loovens Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dorothy_Jeakins Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pierre-Emile_Højbjerg Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mahesh_Bhatt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ben_May Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oswald_Morris Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Benioff Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Evangeline_Lilly Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harry_Lovatt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ronnie_Dix Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shaun_Harrad Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christine_Lahti Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Léo_Moura Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gaetano_Monachello Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tim_Blake_Nelson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carrie_Underwood Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rob_Quinn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Bogdanovich Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sam_Johnstone Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Fashanu Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kyle_MacLachlan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alicia_Silverstone Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_McParland Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nitty_Gritty_Dirt_Band Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_McGuigan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Doc_Watson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Simon_Miotto Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charles_Rosher Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matteo_Ardemagni Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charlotte_Gibson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Zé_Maria_(footballer,_born_1973) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lewis_Cass Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bernadette_Peters Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_MacDonald_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Santhanam_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Ramage Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carlo_Petrini_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carlo_Ponti Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Henry_Winkler Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sylvia_Sidney Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jake_Edwards_(footballer,_born_1976) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lloyd_Owusu Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Don_Page_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nick_Cannon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bob_Hoskins Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marco_Motta Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Kelly_(footballer,_born_1960) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oscar_Gobern Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Peniket Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jerry_O'Connell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Emily_Osment Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Wong_(lyricist) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Lantieri Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Freddy_Adu Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jonathan_Frakes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andre_Wisdom Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harvey_Weinstein Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shinya_Tsukamoto Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_McCall_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Tait_(footballer,_born_1974) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Walsh_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nina_Simone Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gertrude_Stein Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scott_Houghton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Junior_Mendes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Gielgud Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Toby_Keith Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Walter_Mazzarri Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carl_Tiler Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Ironside Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Edmond_O'Brien Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matt_Bellamy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matty_Lund Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Penn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Shepherd Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_McKinley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Gayle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Julius_J._Epstein Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Porter_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Patty_Loveless Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mushaga_Bakenga Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Caine Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Miles_Addison Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Plant Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jack_Giarraputo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ellen_Pompeo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kelvin_Langmead Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tate_Donovan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christina_Hendricks Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Allen_Ginsberg Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scott_McDonald Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ann_Curry Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shlomi_Arbeitman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tope_Obadeyi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marlon_Beresford Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Annette_Bening Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Ford_(footballer,_born_1959) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Raphael Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fabián_Estay Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_Demarest Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Creed_Bratton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eddie_Johnson_(English_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steven_Pressley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carol_Spier Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lewis_Montrose Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Terry_Pratchett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/J._Michael_Riva Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_Maxwell_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Barbara_Walters Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Don_O'Riordan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Englehart Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Isaiah_Osbourne Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gerard_Butler Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Valon_Behrami Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Robertson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tam_Nsaliwa Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Niccolò_Machiavelli Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Saif_Ali_Khan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Hordern Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Curly_Howard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stephen_McHattie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Bentley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_A._Michener Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Grover_Cleveland Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ronald_Bass Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Michôd Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Artur_Krysiak Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Gregory_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Rideout Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bill_Hader Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Guy_Pearce Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Medhi_Benatia Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jeff_Goulding Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Al_Franken Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Butler_(footballer,_born_1966) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dorothy_Spencer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jimmy_Melia Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Percy_Whipp Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Reid_(footballer,_born_1879) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kappei_Yamaguchi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ronald_Neame Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Curtis_Mayfield Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jonathan_Grounds Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matt_Fish_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jean-Yves_M'voto Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paquito_D'Rivera Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Greg_Pearson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Franchot_Tone Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neil_Lyne Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jimmy_Aggrey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christina_Applegate Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Javerbaum Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Apted Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Milan_Biševac Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andrew_Lau Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cam_Clarke Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Justin_Fashanu Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Blair_Adams Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Terry_Austin_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jimmy_Carter_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Massimo_Donati Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Britney_Spears Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tim_Deasy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Houko_Kuwashima Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brad_Bird Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marcello_Trotta Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Larry_Cohen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Albert_Bloxham Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alex_Pearce Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mike_Walsh_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carl_Foreman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Giamatti Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Boris_Leven Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_McEvilly Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shannon_Elizabeth Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kathy_Griffin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Connolly Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Brecker Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ron_Jeremy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jean-Michel_Sigere Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bobby_Svarc Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mixu_Paatelainen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Parker Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ray_Houghton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Denton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Hackett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jerry_Herman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anil_Kapoor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_Blake Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Giles_Coke Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kenny_Sansom Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Cunningham_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Helen_Rose Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carl_Alford Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Onome_Sodje Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ann_Roth Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ricardo_Antonio_Chavira Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nigel_Gleghorn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jim_O'Brien_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jamey_Sheridan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_MacKenzie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Geoff_Hickson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Liza_Minnelli Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rita_Moreno Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dylan_Baker Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kenny_Cooper Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/J._T._Walsh Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Saint_Patrick Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_O'Neil Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Evan_Rachel_Wood Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Laura_Bailey_(voice_actress) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dean_Gorré Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Terry_Gilliam Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Aloisi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Krumholtz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Chartoff Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Grégory_Vignal Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Moore Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Martin_Cranie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rock_Hudson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ryan_Burge Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ivan_Fatić Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roger_Taylor_(Queen_drummer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lisa_Connor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thom_Yorke Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_Marvin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sridevi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ron_Carter Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Diogo_Tavares Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Dobson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pete_Docter Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Martin_Pemberton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Clooney Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Albert_Brenner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jimmy_Spencer_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jack_Lemmon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fabián_Monzón Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Swan_(footballer,_born_1966) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kader_Khan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Brightwell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cristian_Montaño Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lili_Taylor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Angelo_Sormani Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Dreyer_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anna_Paquin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Juan_Carlos_Lorenzo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_McGrath_(footballer,_born_1980) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fredric_Jameson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kurt_Vonnegut Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colin_Lyman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nikola_Tesla Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adrian_Whitbread Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Cherones Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gioachino_Rossini Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_C._Scott Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Manny_Panther Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Darren_Bradshaw Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Pickens_Jr. Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fred_Thompson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nancy_Cartwright Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Hughes_(filmmaker) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chet_Hanks Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marilyn_Monroe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tobey_Maguire Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Albert_Camus Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Stimson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Long_snapper Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steven_Bochco Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stephen_Dobbie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tangerine_Dream Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Hale_Sr. Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mammootty Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Rapaport Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Drissa_Diallo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marco_Nappi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Saddam_Hussein Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roxy_Music Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sal_Buscema Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nick_Cave Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chad_Smith Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carl_Jung Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jack_Thompson_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arturo_Silvestri Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cory_Gibbs Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joe_Shuster Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brigitte_Nielsen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rory_Prendergast Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Atkins_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Harris Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anton_Robinson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dave_Halliday Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marco_Di_Vaio Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Piller Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Banner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jon_Macken Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/José_Manuel_Jurado Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Douglas_Slocombe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stefan_Maierhofer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mae_Whitman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Taylor_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lloyd_Opara Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Malvin_Kamara Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dan_Green_(voice_actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/M._C._Gainey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ahmed_Reda_Madouni Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jim_Goodwin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mary_Pickford Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sandro_Tovalieri Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Rosenbaum Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Janis_Joplin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leroy_Tidd Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Grant_Smith_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neil_Thompson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gulzar Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brett_Favre Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Darren_Caskey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Agustín_García_Calvo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andre_Braugher Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christine_Baranski Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colleen_Atwood Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Walt_Disney Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jeremy_Irons Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Debra_Winger Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neil_Danns Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Patrick_Cregg Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wayne_Routledge Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Diane_Kruger Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Miller_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carl_Muggleton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tyrone_Berry Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dave_Swindlehurst Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adda_Djeziri Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Richardson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Billy_Joel Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jack_Nitzsche Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Albano_Bizzarri Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Cowan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Charles Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Maggie_Grace Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Ellison_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jim_Smith_(footballer,_born_1940) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Darren_Aronofsky Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hugh_Dancy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Howard_(footballer,_born_September_1986) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ariel_Sharon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Powell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ismaïl_Aissati Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Salling Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Rawle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marv_Wolfman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adi_Yussuf Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christian_Vieri Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ben_Purkiss Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dieumerci_Mbokani Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nick_Platnauer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Los_Lobos Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Akira_Kurosawa Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jeff_Hughes_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Simon_Baker Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sara_Haines Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aldous_Huxley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adam_Reed_(footballer,_born_1991) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Javier_Grillo-Marxuach Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brad_Garrett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ariza_Makukula Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Symes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hugo_Weaving Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/CeeLo_Green Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Billy_Hughes_(footballer,_born_1918) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Paul_Jones_(musician) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Glen_Ballard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stephen_McPhail Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Corey_Feldman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_Collins_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aaron_Brown_(footballer,_born_1983) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Francis_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dean_Leacock Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Northern_Dancer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joel_Silver Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dean_Parrett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Glenn_Roeder Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Koechner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jon_Dahl_Tomasson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Rodriguez Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Hope Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Billy_Hendry Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Philip_Seymour_Hoffman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michelangelo_Antonioni Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Simon_Fuller Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Luis_Antonio_Jiménez Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jennifer_Jason_Leigh Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Wayne Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Will_Buckley_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/W._Somerset_Maugham Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frank_Oz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dean_Martin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ben_Sedgemore Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Barbara_Hershey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paolo_Sammarco Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kathryn_Bigelow Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/CeCe_Winans Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marcus_Bean Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rebecca_Hall Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Keith_Edwards_(footballer,_born_1957) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matt_Servitto Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shobha_Kapoor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Jenkins Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gil_Bellows Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vincent_van_Gogh Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oslo. Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kay_Alden Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Wise Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kostas_Konstantinidis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Melvin_Frank Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jordan_Robertson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jermaine_Beckford Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Greg_Daniels Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wallace_Beery Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lars_von_Trier Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Damian_Batt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ringo_Sheena Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Walter_Montillo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Deegan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Klaus_Voormann Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Don_Cheadle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lucien_Ballard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jade_North Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Bennett_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rory_Cochrane Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Thile Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gilbert_Gress Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Berger_(sound_engineer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rebecca_Romijn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lucas_Barrios Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kenichi_Ogata_(voice_actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Barry_Watling Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Santo_Loquasto Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andrea_Romano Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Keenan_Wynn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Trent_Jones Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jerry_Lewis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Taylor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Patrick_McGoohan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jimmy_McCambridge Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nick_Jonas Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Elizabeth_Sarnoff Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Patrick_van_Aanholt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Noah_Taylor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Zurab_Khizanishvili Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Terry_Venables Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robbie_Turner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lara_Flynn_Boyle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Forster Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adam_Virgo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Weldon_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Chambers_(English_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scott_Marshall_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Terrell_Forbes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Egan_(footballer,_born_1992) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Jolley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wayne_Knight Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Worthington Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Clifton_Collins_Jr. Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Horton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Withe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eddie_Lewis_(American_soccer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Samuel_Vincent Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_Granville Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pat_Heard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sherlock_Holmes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ron_Hewitt_(footballer,_born_1928) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pharrell_Williams Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Louis_Briscoe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bobby_Hutchinson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Timothy_Hutton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marc_Nygaard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Magic_Johnson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jamie_Reckord Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Terry_Cooke Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michaël_Ciani Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Smith_(footballer,_born_1987) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lil'_Kim Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colm_Feore Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Claudette_Colbert Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Max_Martin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_Holm Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Graham_Kavanagh Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nicky_Banger Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nick_Cusack Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Palmer_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cláudio_Adão Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eddie_McGoldrick Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jared_Harris Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Waddell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Overseas_Chinese Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Virginia_Madsen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Skerritt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Simon_Francis_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tim_Bevan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sam_Means Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Waddle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shane_Cansdell-Sherriff Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/M.I.A._(rapper) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gerry_Anderson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Grant_(English_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Juan_Esnáider Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harold_Ramis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roy_O'Donovan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/T._S._Eliot Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Max_Casella Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Susan_Blu Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Shaffer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pasquale_Foggia Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dave_Mooney Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ram_Gopal_Varma Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Angelos_Charisteas Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Winfield Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dennis_Bailey_(footballer,_born_1965) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Craig_James_(footballer,_born_1982) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adam_Dawson_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Lundstram Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Emiliano_Viviano Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eric_Rodwell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Naya_Rivera Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Gilbert Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Al_Pacino Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Toshiyuki_Morikawa Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Amoo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rosie_O'Donnell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_Martin_(footballer,_born_1987) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_McCammon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Les_Ferdinand Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aldo_Nova Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Gray_(footballer,_born_1988) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leon_Constantine Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matt_Tubbs Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jennison_Myrie-Williams Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Hitchcock Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_Nogan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bobby_Mimms Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cristiano_Lucarelli Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Seann_William_Scott Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Gerber Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Hinds Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Craig_Allardyce Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jimi_Hendrix Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Buchanan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Lovell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Javier_Saviola Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jason_Biggs Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Minami_Takayama Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gene_Roddenberry Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Natalie_Cole Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Philip_Glass Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ray_Romano Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Seth_Meyers Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Burt_Young Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eddie_Marsan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Welsh Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jack_Kerouac Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pink_(singer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neil_Whitworth Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kenny_Rogers Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Werner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Salma_Hayek Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Lamey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jack_Haines Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leigh_Palin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Walton_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Salman_Rushdie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Curtis_Obeng Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Eckersley_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lyndon_B._Johnson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Byron_Webster Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fraser_Forster Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brian_Keith Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Frankenheimer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Craig_Armstrong_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Weir Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/H._Jon_Benjamin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aaron_O'Connor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wágner_Ferreira_dos_Santos Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neal_McDonough Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jim_Brennan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anthony_LaPaglia Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Darren_Jones Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Viv_Anderson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bruce_Broughton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fabolous Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sam_Parkin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ryan_Kwanten Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Goldman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ridley_Scott Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Claudia_Cardinale Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Heard_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rhys_Evans Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Georges_Delerue Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nicky_Mohan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ishmael_Welsh Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colin_Addison Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Timbaland Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Walter_Murphy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Courtney_Simon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vernor_Vinge Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jeff_Gordon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stewart_Littlewood Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Brough Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Snoop_Dogg Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Elvis_Hammond Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Cresswell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christopher_Lloyd Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kristin_Scott_Thomas Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wally_Bellett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dr._Dre Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yoko_Ono Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Pollak Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jack_Warden Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dennis_Pearce Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_Davies_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mani_Ratnam Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Martin_Clunes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stefano_Pioli Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Landon_Donovan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roman_Polanski Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Arness Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danger_Mouse_(musician) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Hayes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Edward_Lachman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Salvatore_Bruno Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Phillips_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adam_Arkin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Numan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Micky_Holmes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kate_Moss Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kobe_Bryant Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Gilmour Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rajpal_Yadav Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sean_McAuley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Donald_Crisp Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Morgan_Spurlock Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scott_Canham Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mick_Bodley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Leonard_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vic_Mignogna Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_Elam Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Guinan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Austin_Collier Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Graham_Hyde Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joe_Biden Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dean_Holdsworth Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mike_Sheron Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Martin_Lawrence Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jerry_Hey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Groves_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_Hollands Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chad_Barrett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Static_Major Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Vaughn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eric_McManus Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kyle_Vassell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Farrah_Fawcett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Pacquette Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ronnie_Screwvala Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kristin_Davis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scott_Golbourne Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Carruthers Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Derrick_Parker Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alexander_the_Great Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Watson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paz_de_la_Huerta Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Damian_Marley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Irwin_Winkler Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fred_White_(footballer,_born_1916) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arthur_Biggs Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Giuseppe_Galderisi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tak_Fujimoto Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Emir_Kusturica Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stuart_Searle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nino_Rota Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Cayne Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nigel_Hart Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anthony_Barness Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Courtney_Pitt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jon_Parkin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neymar Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Don_Scardino Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cheryl_Hines Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tim_O'Shea_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Arquette Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Sullivan_(English_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bill_Lacey_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jim_Rodwell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mike_Flynn_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Len_Bond Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ryuichi_Sakamoto Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Armando_Iannucci Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Gray_(footballer,_born_1955) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Luke_Varney Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Proctor_Hall Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tim_Minear Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Louis_Armstrong Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steven_Spielberg Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Liam_George Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matty_Blair Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nathan_Clarke Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nicollette_Sheridan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Art_Carney Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Douglas_Fairbanks Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fred_Murray Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Moore Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Millar_(footballer,_born_1966) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dalton_Trumbo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Perry_Suckling Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shohei_Imamura Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Clarke_Carlisle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ben_Starosta Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Maura_Tierney Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Mitchell_(author) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ashlee_Simpson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Curtis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jamie_Lee_Curtis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Def_Leppard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roberto_Baronio Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Maarten_Stekelenburg Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aman_Verma_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arthur_Wong Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kristen_Wiig Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charlie_Chaplin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jennifer_Garner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Branson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Birch Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jocky_Wright Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Malcolm_McDowell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alex_North Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jagdish_Raj Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Simon_Mensing Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dean_Greygoose Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neville_Roach Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marlon_Brando Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christopher_Reeve Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hans_Zimmer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jorginho_Paulista Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vinod_Khanna Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/F._Scott_Fitzgerald Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ingmar_Bergman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Saša_Ilić_(footballer,_born_1972) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Diane_Ladd Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bill_White_(footballer,_born_1907) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Lawrence Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nikita_Rukavytsya Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stuart_Parker_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_McIndoe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michel_Colombier Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gene_Hackman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Bradshaw_(footballer,_born_1879) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ken_Adam Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dario_Dainelli Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jagathy_Sreekumar Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Marshall_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Franck_Songo'o Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Izzy_Iriekpen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bill_Nelson_(musician) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Don_Siegel Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Heald Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rajinikanth Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dorothy_Fields Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charles_Sanders_Peirce Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dejan_Stefanović Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Lithgow Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Friar Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Glenn_Danzig Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stephen_Dillane Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Garnett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carly_Simon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ferdinando_Sforzini Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Pattinson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tim_Roth Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Abhishek_Bachchan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Warner_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nicky_Law_(footballer,_born_1961) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stéphane_Dalmat Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harold_Crockford Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ramones Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Will_Forte Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Damon_Wayans Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Enrico_Fantini Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Woodman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bob_Yari Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oh_Beom-seok Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andrew_Hughes_(footballer,_born_1978) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Hasselhoff Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Terry_Lees Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Attenborough Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Omarion Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Phil_Gilchrist Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mikel_Arteta Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Massimiliano_Cappioli Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anne_Heche Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_McSwegan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Raza_Murad Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stephen_Tobolowsky Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Burchill Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ira_Steven_Behr Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Beesley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Noah_Wyle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ryan_Jarvis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Dewey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Beach_Boys Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pawel_Abbott Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kenneth_Mars Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Katie_Couric Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jason_Banton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scott_Wootton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steven_Reid Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christopher_Doyle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_Bailey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mike_Williamson_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ray_Allen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Walter_Parkes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Russell_Osman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Auster Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steven_Zaillian Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Luke_Moore Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Isaiah_Rankin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stirling_Silliphant Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sigmund_Freud Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Edward_Kitsis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Stone Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dean_Hammond Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Gallacher Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Landis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Gascoigne Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/G._K._Chesterton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Reid_(Irish_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jeff_Garlin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ashley_Tisdale Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Werner_Herzog Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bill_Withers Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Keiran_Murtagh Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Will_Hoskins Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Julie_Christie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kelly_Preston Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bryan_Batt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jon_Brion Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Denzel_Washington Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Blair_Sturrock Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andre_Jacquemetton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Savannah_Guthrie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sarah_McLachlan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lori_Alan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Billy_Crudup Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Max_Steiner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Jeter Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Archie_Taylor_(footballer,_born_1879) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aidan_Davison Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Reuben_Agboola Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Filipe_Morais Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bob_Clark Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dev_Anand Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Foeke_Booy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Heaton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jay_Z Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mitchell_Cole Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_L._Brooks Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mike_Conroy_(footballer,_born_1965) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Borjigin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ben_Harding Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_Graham_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Silverman_(animator) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Aldred Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bam_Margera Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robbie_Slater Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jamie_Ashdown Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Prem_Nath Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kamal_Hassan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stephen_Woolley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Maria_Bello Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dean_Hooper Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Hopkins_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_X._Cohen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Skip_Lievsay Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tommy_Rudkin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lindy_Hemming Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brad_Jones_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Robinson_(footballer,_born_1981) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Billy_Hibbert Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joe_Johnson_(footballer,_born_1911) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tim_Coleman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scott_Taylor_(footballer,_born_1976) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Talia_Shire Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Francis_Jeffers Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lampros_Choutos Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mos_Def Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charles_Dance Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Igor_Korneev Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ben_Silverman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bryan_Ferry Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Krista_Allen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Burley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Craig_Barron Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sidney_Lumet Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_McGhee Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frank_Miller_(comics) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Juergen_Sommer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Patrick_Swayze Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frankie_Artus Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cyrille_Regis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Olivier_Dacourt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Johnny_Knoxville Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Ingram Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Priyanka_Chopra Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_McAulay Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eve_(rapper) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_van_Loen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bruno_Bolchi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Masako_Nozawa Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dick_Clark Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adolph_Deutsch Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Graham_Gouldman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ralph_Waldo_Emerson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nathan_Delfouneso Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Dalglish Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cuba_Gooding_Jr. Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charles_Bronson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Boyle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Linighan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alex_Jeannin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Etta_James Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Brown Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matthew_W._Mungle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Daws_Butler Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Fox_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gavin_Mahon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ellis_Remy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Taylor_(footballer,_born_1986) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Roots Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Janet_Jackson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jeff_Kenna Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Norm_Prescott Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_Barnard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Edgar_Chadwick Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matt_Stone Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/H._H._Asquith Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brenda_Blethyn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Josh_O'Keefe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Duning Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michelle_Ruff Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brian_Marwood Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Benny_Andersson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dominic_Blizzard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charles_Taylor_(philosopher) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arthur_Farnsworth Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Oakenfold Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_McNestry Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stephen_Rea Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pablo_Mills Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Hunter_(footballer,_born_1885) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gene_Wolfe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Jacobson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Carden Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dean_McDonald Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevan_Hurst Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ernest_Lehman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Micky_Dolenz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frank_Talia Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tiago_Ilori Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Walsh Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wayne_Burnett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Williams_(footballer,_born_1969) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Julia_Stiles Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bryan_Burk Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bob_Mortimer_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jim_Cummings Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carl_Stalling Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joe_McBride_(footballer,_born_1938) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jennifer_Celotta Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Desmond_Harrington Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Knight_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Sale Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cameron_Belford Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mick_Kennedy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ricky_Shakes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Warren_Aspinall Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mira_Sorvino Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roberto_Colautti Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jason_Price Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Codner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Martin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Darryl_F._Zanuck Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Carter_(screenwriter) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Erwin_Rommel Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jonny_Lee_Miller Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Amber_Riley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Luca_Mondini Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Berry_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stuart_Fleetwood Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Bolt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Duke Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_O'Connor_(footballer,_born_1984) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Craig_Ireland Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jorge_Garcia Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charlie_Daniels Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jake_Livermore Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joanna_Page Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_A._Fraker Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Attilio_Lombardo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adam_Plunkett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nicola_Zanini Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mikael_Salomon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rekha Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scott_Flinders Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Harkes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sammo_Hung Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Max_Weber Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Wilkinson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Mamet Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Buckley_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pavel_Pergl Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hank_Williams_Jr. Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michel_Legrand Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neil_Tarrant Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cristian_Bucchi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Phil_Spector Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cary-Hiroyuki_Tagawa Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colin_Greenall Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Fotheringham_(Scottish_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Edmundo_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Williams Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gabriel_Tamaș Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carlton_Palmer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Greg_Mills_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joseph_Campbell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Janel_Moloney Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gus_Van_Sant Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neal_Stephenson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ernie_Watkins_(footballer,_born_1898) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christopher_Eccleston Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Antonio_Candreva Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Justin_Bieber Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ivan_Turgenev Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leonhard_Euler Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Hawley_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Josh_Freese Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Estelle_Harris Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lil_Jon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Morgaro_Gomis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gillian_Anderson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Francisco_Lojacono Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Russell_Hoult Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stephen_Schwartz_(composer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ralph_Stanley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_Cullip Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Keith_Alexander_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carole_Lombard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adil_Ramzi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dave_Langan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sandra_Bernhard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jello_Biafra Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mitchell_Leisen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arthur_Sharp_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sean_Hayes_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Keigan_Parker Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sally_Field Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Hughes_(footballer,_born_1983) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Tong_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Smith_(footballer,_born_1945) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cedric_the_Entertainer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jan_de_Bont Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Norman_Stiles Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scott_Allan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Graham_(footballer,_born_1978) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_McLean_(footballer,_born_1890) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Thicke Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jeff_Chandler_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chaka_Khan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Altman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chiranjeevi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marco_Branca Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Iwan_Roberts Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_Webber Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jonathan_Murray Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Spicer_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Newman_(sound_engineer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charlie_Kaufman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sam_Williams_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Will_Arnett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neil_Ross_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Madhuri_Dixit Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nialle_Rodney Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thai_Chinese Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nicky_Eaden Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Billy_Sperrin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/R._Kelly Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Klaas-Jan_Huntelaar Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Darren_Jackson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jürgen_Röber Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alex_Mathie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dallas_McKennon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leslie_Cheung Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vadis_Odjidja-Ofoe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ry_Cooder Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robbie_Cooke Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Widmark Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arturo_Lupoli Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Monty_Python Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Santosh_Sivan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_Joyce_(writer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dany_N'Guessan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Anton_Wilson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Percy_Humphreys Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lou_Reed Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Simon_Brown_(footballer,_born_1976) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ralph_Richardson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_Aiello Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rebecca_Eaton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_Baldwin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carmine_Coppola Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Moorcock Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jayaram Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shaun_Teale Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arthur_Rowley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Ainscow Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Massimo_Bonanni Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Moe_Howard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Poole Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Kennedy_(footballer,_born_1964) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Morse Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Venus Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Silvio_Horta Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Kline Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nathan_Doyle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jack_Kirby Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alex_Rae_(footballer,_born_1969) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gerry_Harrison_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Octavia_Spencer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carl_Airey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jean-Luc_Godard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Damon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Musselwhite Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eddie_Nolan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Randy_Newman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Sturges Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bruce_Hornsby Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mike_Epps Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shelley_Duvall Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gerry_Taggart Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joe_Roberts_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Martin_Freeman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Liam_Dickinson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Clive_A._Smith Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Lean Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arthur_Rankin_Jr. Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Mills_(TV_writer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stevie_Wonder Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Amankwaah Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Thewlis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dave_Metchick Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sean_St_Ledger Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hans_Dreier Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anupam_Kher Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joe_Haldeman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Carew Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Arnold Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Surtees_(cinematographer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Annabeth_Gish Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ralph_E._Winters Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chet_Atkins Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vincent_Péricard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Candice_Bergen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kenan_Thompson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Edward_Said Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Common_(rapper) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Franck_Moussa Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joe_Hisaishi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scott_Wilson_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Kander Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brian_Rice_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eric_Dane Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mo_Willems Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Kirkland Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ilaiyaraaja Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marit_Allen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Josh_Wright Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cher Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hema_Malini Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anthony_Horowitz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Keith_Fear Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Martin_Hodge Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ed._Weinberger Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_McDonald_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/McCoy_Tyner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Prudhoe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Conrad_Hall Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_Richardson_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Kaye Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mickey_Thomas_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dennis_Quaid Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aaron_Sorkin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Wilkinson_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jon_Shaw Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christian_Poulsen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jon_Otsemobor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jude_Ciccolella Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harlan_Ellison Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nathaniel_Mendez-Laing Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chuck_Connors Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robbie_Simpson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adam_Murray Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Duffield Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Elmore_Leonard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fabrizio_Miccoli Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wade_Small Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Sertori Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Barham Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Woods Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Daniel_Dae_Kim Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brian_Laudrup Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ron_Weiner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Pilkington Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_O'Toole Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stefan_Payne Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_Sawyer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jason_Reitman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Schiff Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charles_Pratt_Jr. Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Irrfan_Khan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Viju_Khote Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Williams Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Reiser Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dean_Bowditch Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Lodge Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frank_Fielding Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matt_Jackson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aaron_Wilbraham Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_F._Kennedy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wyn_Davies Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ryan_Hall_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kirk_Thornton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nico Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Trevor_Lee_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fraizer_Campbell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Duff_McKagan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_James Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oscar_Nunez Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jackie_Cooper Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neil_Etheridge Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Giancarlo_Esposito Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christine_Vachon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Mulligan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jim_O'Rourke_(musician) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_Wilson_(footballer,_born_1958) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Stewart_(footballer,_born_1964) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dudley_Moore Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christopher_Young Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mary_Lynn_Rajskub Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mick_McCarthy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Staunton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frankie_Sutherland Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ed_Lauter Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Daniel_Webb_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Kelly_(footballer,_born_1966) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sam_Gilligan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Edwin_B._Willis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bertolt_Brecht Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Johnny_Yong_Bosch Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Mothersbaugh Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brian_Drummond Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Palin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Romano_Perticone Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Meg_Ryan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kim_Ki-duk Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Barnes_(cinematographer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Dow Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sharon_Osbourne Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wisner_Washam Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ben_Gibbard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fred_Smallwood Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Iler Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Baldwin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Steinbeck Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Simon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bryan_Small Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kezie_Ibe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Martin_Devaney Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carl_Bradshaw_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dianna_Agron Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Johnny_Carson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Darren_Potter Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Humphrey_Bogart Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Amitabh_Bachchan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Emilie_de_Ravin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Antonio_Mohamed Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anne_Rice Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Morrison Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stefano_Fiore Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mr._Prospector Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bill_Nighy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Schur Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shia_LaBeouf Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scott_Spencer_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matt_Glennon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shaq_Coulthirst Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aaron_Shure Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Russi_Taylor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rod_Stewart Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dai_Ward Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Merv_Griffin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Gray_(footballer,_born_1977) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jeff_Beck Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Justin_Richards_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_Holmes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anthony_Mackie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jonathan_Winters Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bea_Benaderet Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Les_Claypool Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anthony_Pilkington Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Wilson_(footballer,_born_1961) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Cushing Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pat_Morrissey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Martin_Short Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nathan_Tyson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Walters Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brent_Sancho Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Ridgely Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roland_Lamah Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robbie_James Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_Howard_Taft Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andrew_Stevens Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tam_McManus Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Harper Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marcia_Gay_Harden Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Chase Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Walter_Hill_(director) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Luc_Besson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Don_Knotts Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adam_Rooney Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_Hughes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Greg_Kinnear Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jake_Thomson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Art_Garfunkel Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sid_Binks Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leslie_Bricusse Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kerry_Dixon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mamoru_Miyano Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nicky_Maynard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Glen_Southam Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Zak_Ibsen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Will_Patton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vincente_Minnelli Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marthand_K._Venkatesh Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jung_Sung-ryong Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Edith_Head Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Faye_Dunaway Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Howard_Gordon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Fleischer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sammy_McIlroy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Denis_Leary Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Elliott_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Marinello Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Rose_(footballer,_born_1982) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Ritchie_(footballer,_born_1975) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ken_Kesey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Francis_Webster Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Davies Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ally_Pickering Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ryan_Clarke Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Herbie_Hancock Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Georgy_Zhukov Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yado_Mambo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Y's Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christopher_Hampton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kathleen_Turner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bolaji_Badejo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Coppell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Guy_Whittingham Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ezequiel_Garay Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chazz_Palminteri Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Randy_Jackson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joe_O'Cearuill Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rick_Simpson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harry_Worley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Gallen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Cuban Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marc_Richards Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frederick_the_Great Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vidya_Balan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ken_Keeler Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Patrick_King Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Giuseppe_Colucci_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marlon_Broomes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leon_Best Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chad_Hugo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_White_(English_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nicky_Hunt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shatrughan_Sinha Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lucas_Akins Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Sidwell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Geraldine_Page Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jessica_Biel Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_Friedkin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vadivelu Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Jordan_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rick_Nowels Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jacob_Murphy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lena_Olin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Glenn_Close Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colin_Wilson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tabu_(actress) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joanne_Froggatt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marko_Livaja Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tommy_Black Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Mills_(footballer,_born_1961) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nigel_Spink Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carrie_Fisher Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adrian_Viveash Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Cadette Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Barry_Bannan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Emanuel_Azenberg Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Ellis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Milena_Canonero Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joy_Bryant Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stanley_Clarke Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Simon_Cziommer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frank_Herbert Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joe_Anyon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mathias_Pogba Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Hateley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Duffy_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lewis_Young Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ashok_Kumar Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_Fichtner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Conyers Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aaron_McLean Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ranjeet Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Les_Fradkin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Karl_Stromberg Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Willie_Falconer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joseph_Haydn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Billy_Brawn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brian_Statham_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joseph_C._Wright Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Silverberg Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Craig_Rocastle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ryan_Bertrand Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tori_Spelling Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Nelson_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Evan_Horwood Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sam_Wood Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Watkin_(cinematographer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Hodge Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lorraine_Broderick Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dorothy_Malone Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ken_Wallace_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Shilton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Josh_Hutcherson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ellen_Page Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Travis_Barker Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fritz_Leiber Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jacob_Mellis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bernie_Mac Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stuart_Craig Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brittany_Snow Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Varley_(author) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Djair_Kaye_de_Brito Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Boudewijn_Zenden Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vince_Gill Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Portia_de_Rossi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Butler_(footballer,_born_1972) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Norris_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Boulding Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tina_Turner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robbie_Stockdale Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_Sharpe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cameron_Jerome Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_Grant Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Heather_Mitts Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jordan_Parkes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Taylor_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Martin_Gritton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Sherwood Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bruno_Cheyrou Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matt_Lauer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Edward_Fox_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Asit_Sen_(director) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Giovanni_Sio Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Blake_Lively Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jonny_Greenwood Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Edward_Elgar Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vera_Farmiga Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bai_Ling Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Elizabeth_Hurley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bob_Hatton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wendee_Lee Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fernando_Trueba Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Lormor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sophia_Loren Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jack_Hunt_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joss_Stone Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nick_Rizzo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Albert_Finney Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jerry_Siegel Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ella_Fitzgerald Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Benson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Poke Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Angela_Kinsey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Terry_Connor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ricky_George Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kazuhiko_Inoue Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joe_Jonas Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colin_Collindridge Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ray_Winstone Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Frideric_Handel Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stefan_Oakes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Rock Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sam_O'Steen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roger_Birnbaum Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tim_Carter_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_Pitt_the_Younger Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tara_Strong Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dylan_McDermott Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joe_Mattock Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Broome_(writer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Darren_Star Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Selma_Blair Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dr._Luke Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Button Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_DeLonge Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ice-T Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Daniel_Pudil Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arthur_Freed Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anthony_Head Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rhys_Murphy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christopher_Nolan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danilo_Donati Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mary-Ellis_Bunim Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Serena_Williams Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Prince_(musician) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bobby_McFerrin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nastassja_Kinski Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Govinda_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Geddis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Buster_Keaton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ray_Walston Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Warren_Beatty Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joshua_Malina Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Walter_Plunkett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/D._W._Moffett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sherri_Shepherd Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/B.B._King Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Birch Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Condoleezza_Rice Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tupac_Shakur Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Cimino Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/DeWitt_Clinton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sergio_Bernardo_Almirón Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Revathi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Melissa_Etheridge Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Miguel_de_Souza Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Peschisolido Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shirley_Ann_Russell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Willie_Young_(footballer,_born_1951) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Frink Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Vai Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Eastham,_Sr. Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Helen_Hunt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Corinne_Bailey_Rae Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nicky_Summerbee Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_H._DePatie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Josh_Weinstein Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Elie_Samaha Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rodger_Wylde Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Walter_Becker Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Phillips_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ann-Margret Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scott_Davies_(footballer,_born_1988) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ed_Begley_Jr. Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nigel_Lythgoe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mary_Astor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bill_Bruford Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Justin_Timberlake Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brian_Helgeland Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Millen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bob_Peeters Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jules_Verne Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thomas_Newman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wesley_Snipes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Olivia_Williams Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_DeBolla Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Melissa_Leo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Addy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jeff_Schaffer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kelvin_Etuhu Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Stallard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Samuel_Beckett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Smith Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Eastoe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alex_Gibney Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Doris_Day Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Mahoney Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tita Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colin_Todd Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Liam_Robinson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harrison_Ford Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Grealish Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bret_Michaels Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roy_Scheider Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Barry_Dyson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Graham_Potter Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Craig_Armstrong_(composer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Giacchino Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Terry_Crews Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leigh_Harline Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Timothy_Busfield Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Master_P Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Guillaume Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wanda_Sykes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christian_Lee Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christopher_Sabat Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Takeshi_Kitano Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Robeson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lauren_Ambrose Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Luca_Mezzano Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bradley_Orr Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Will_Smith Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Werner_Stengel Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Howard_Ashman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andrew_Gold Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bob_Weinstein Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adam_McKay Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Whitney_Houston Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Allan_Nielsen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joseph_Kish Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Judd_Nelson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Byrne_(comics) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dennis_Wise Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Lucas_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Walter_Matthau Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Berenger Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bootsy_Collins Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scott_Glenn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jamie_Taylor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Baz_Luhrmann Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/House_of_Plantagenet Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Astin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/English_Americans Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alfre_Woodard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charlie_Parker Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_5_(guitarist) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scott_Griffiths Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jordin_Sparks Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sam_Oji Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Dooley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Walter_Murch Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Trevor_Hebberd Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Elizabeth_Page_(screenwriter) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dean_Brennan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Maureen_Stapleton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joel_Schumacher Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Albright Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sam_Rockwell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jane_Alexander Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mike_Lester_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_Bowyer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Isaac_Asimov Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/N._T._Rama_Rao Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Damaris_Cudworth_Masham Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christopher_Whitesell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Williams_(footballer,_born_1965) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Devon_White_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Claridge Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bruce_Timm Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Briscoe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ernest_Haller Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Smigel Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Abel_Braga Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tomoyuki_Tanaka Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Edward_Herrmann Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Coleman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jean-Michel_Jarre Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vondie_Curtis-Hall Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mike_Mogis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gianluca_Berti Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dolph_Lundgren Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Bacon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mickey_Evans_(footballer,_born_1973) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bradley_Bell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rakesh_Roshan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Om_Shivpuri Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Morse_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Majel_Barrett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tim_Kaiser Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rabindranath_Tagore Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jerry_Bruckheimer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Bittner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bo_Derek Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Hodgson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Richardson_(cinematographer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Billie_Whitelaw Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neil_Warnock Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Gershwin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rhys_Ifans Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Wolfe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sammy_Cahn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colin_Heath Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bert_Hales Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christopher_McDonald Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tori_Amos Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Emily_Watson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Tisch Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Lieberstein Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Culliton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michel_Kreek Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Coldplay Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andrea_Mandorlini Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pat_Metheny Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kieran_Richardson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Boaz_Davidson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jason_Sudeikis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christine_Langan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Clint_Howard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Phillips_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eric_Tsang Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colin_Hoyle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wally_Webster Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Luigi_Radice Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_E._Reilly Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Louis_Stevenson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Abbas_Kiarostami Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Todd Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lloyd_Bridges Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Bush_(English_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stuart_Duncan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shriya_Saran Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Pullen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sean_Combs Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Narada_Bernard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Griffith Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Philip_K._Dick Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roberto_Baggio Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Laura_Carmichael Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jon_Brady Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Geoff_Aunger Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Barry_Manilow Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Barry_Butlin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Buckethead Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kate_Flannery Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dennis_Lehane Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Simon_Heslop Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_O'Donnell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Graham_Yost Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bill_Evans Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hugh_Hunt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nico_Vaesen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Jones_(footballer,_born_March_1970) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Randy_Edelman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Molly_Parker Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Agnes_Nixon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Clayton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Laurence_Mark Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jermaine_Jones Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sharmila_Tagore Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Day_(art_director) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dennis_Haysbert Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Phillips_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Barry_Levinson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joe_Allon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Johnny_Lever Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robbie_Blake Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Walter_Scott Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aruna_Irani Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Abbott Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matthew_Spring Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Samantha_Mathis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gwen_Wakeling Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/La_Toya_Jackson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Greg_Fee Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Greg_Graffin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neale_Fenn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Billy_Dee_Williams Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jim_Fryatt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tanikella_Bharani Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Maurizio_Domizzi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Pardew Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mahesh_Manjrekar Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adam_Baldwin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_Holloway Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eugene_O'Neill Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pierre_Womé Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carl_Asaba Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_James_Hopkins Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Pape Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stern_John Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Waters Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marci_Klein Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gavin_Tomlin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Satish_Shah Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Logan_(footballer,_born_1982) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ryan_Lowe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Clarke_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jeremy_Clarkson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bob_Bryan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Judah_Friedlander Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Allen_Iverson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thomas_Jane Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Cofie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Georges_Santos Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Haggis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Black_Eyed_Peas Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Isham Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Zoumana_Camara Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/E._G._Marshall Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Kahn_(film_editor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nedumudi_Venu Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rodrigo_(footballer,_born_1991) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nelson_Riddle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jeff_Bennett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mickey_Bennett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Tollin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Samberg Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hayley_Mills Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jamie_Gangel Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Campbell_Scott Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anthony_Burgess Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jae_Martin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marc_Stein_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brian_Kidd Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kuk_Harrell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bruce_Dyer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Minkler Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christopher_Cerf Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joshua_Logan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Madden Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dean_Devlin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_Tecumseh_Sherman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scott_Endersby Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mike_Basham Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Miner_(television_producer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Akkineni_Nagarjuna Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_Dichio Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ed_Helms Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harry_Turtledove Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roger_Moore Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Riegert Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mike_Pinner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dany_Heatley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Arthur Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Diane_Keaton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Clinton_(musician) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Park_Jin-seop Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Valdo_Filho Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stephen_Moyer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stacy_Keach Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gordon_Hill_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dave_Grusin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Emmylou_Harris Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Fury Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Suresh_Gopi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_DeFalco Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neil_Cutler Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Don_Rickles Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Johnny_Carey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anu_Malik Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jason_Bateman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jon_Hamm Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Akira_Kamiya Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neil_Redfearn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Erich_Ludendorff Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jermaine_Wright Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Philip_Johnson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vanilla_Ice Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/R._Lee_Ermey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Cottee Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sharon_Stone Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christian_Slater Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rick_Springfield Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Glenn_Frey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Norman_Lear Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Klaus_Badelt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sergei_Prokofiev Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cree_Summer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Arnold_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carrie_Preston Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bill_Hicks Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vernon_Chatman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Les_Roberts_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Phil_Robinson_(footballer,_born_1967) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Nealon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jack_Kemp Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Wright Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Baily_Cargill Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Himani_Shivpuri Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Innocent_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rickie_Lambert Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ronald_Koeman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Newell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Billy_Preston Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jon-Paul_Pittman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Barker Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Piper_Laurie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hugh_Bonneville Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fran_Drescher Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Seaton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gregg_Allman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dave_Mangnall Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Larry_Miller_(comedian) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eric_Idle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adolphe_Menjou Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Donald_Pleasence Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Maaya_Sakamoto Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Waylon_Jennings Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jessye_Norman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marco_Gabbiadini Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kiernan_Shipka Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gordon_Cowans Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Stuhlbarg Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Thompson_(footballer,_born_1960) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Barry_(composer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Guza_Jr. Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Weale Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Des_Lyttle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ben_Chorley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lisa_Gerrard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Spencer_Tracy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vince_McMahon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joseph_Ruttenberg Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kerrea_Gilbert Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chukki_Eribenne Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tracy_Chapman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jack_Benny Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Laura_Innes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Abe_Burrows Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fred_Zinnemann Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arthur_Q._Bryan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jane_Lynch Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jeph_Loeb Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Dobson_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Dungworth Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Barnes_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dean_Semler Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rihanna Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Brolin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Martin_Carruthers Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Jones_(footballer,_born_1969) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Isaac_Newton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Diane_Lane Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bradley_Bubb Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rose_Byrne Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ben_Abbey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Hollander Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Luke_O'Neill Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Thompson_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Beesley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ellen_Barkin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lenny_Bruce Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jordan_Rose Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Jordan_(musician) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ben_Smith_(footballer,_born_1978) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Borrowdale Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alex_Taylor_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Plato Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ismael_Urzaiz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Saša_Bjelanović Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brent_Spiner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Dobson_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Sinton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dennis_Muren Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bryan_Singer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ray_Heindorf Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jaya_Bachchan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kelly_Macdonald Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gerry_Francis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sheila_Nevins Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lesley_Sharp Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Takehito_Koyasu Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dean_Howell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Debbie_Reynolds Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Keith_Forsey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bob_Ludwig Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jerry_Nelson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arthur_Rigby Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ricky_Nelson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Samuel_Z._Arkoff Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Daryl_Taylor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gaetano_Giallanza Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leon_Clarke Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brian_Grazer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Daryl_Hannah Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Asrani Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Penn_Badgley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brian_Taylor_(footballer,_born_1937) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Guttenberg Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dick_Ray Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Toni_Braxton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Walter_H._Tyler Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Davy_Walsh Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Juanes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_McKean Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ronnie_Wood Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Walter_M._Scott Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Riccardo_Carapellese Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fred_Willard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Raj_Kapoor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nathan_H._Juran Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Little_Richard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Griffiths Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alex_Baptiste Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Darren_Currie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dean_Cundey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pritam Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Melissa_Joan_Hart Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Portman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joshua_Jackson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Xander_Berkeley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Japanese_Americans Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Graham_Chapman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Salman_Khan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Norman_Blake_(American_musician) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Sheridan_(writer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Deven_Verma Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pat_Metheny_Group Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jeff_Minton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Halls Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Megan_Mullally Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Krause Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Mayo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Shamberg Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ted_Field Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ben_Karlin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jeff_Richmond Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matthew_Gill Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Galileo_Galilei Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sébastien_Bassong Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marc_Shaiman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Seale Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jiang_Wen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anne_Hathaway Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bobcat_Goldthwait Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Greta_Scacchi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roger_Gibbins Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Barras Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Denny_Mundee Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jerry_Wald Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Kind Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/T._Rajendar Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lisa_Edelstein Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Genesis_(band) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_Bennett_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marcello_Mastroianni Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adrian_Utley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Lau Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Comstive Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bernard_Herrmann Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dietmar_Hamann Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wong_Kar-wai Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Antonio_Floro_Flores Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Drew_Goddard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bob_Geldof Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ronnie_Jepson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Skipper Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vince_Bartram Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Rydstrom Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Clive_Davis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sheri_Anderson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Luís_Boa_Morte Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wolfgang_Amadeus_Mozart Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aaron_Lescott Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wilma_Galvante Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jim_Steinman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tyrone_Barnett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Shaw_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andrew_Taylor_(footballer,_born_1986) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Boorman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Annie_Lennox Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Kelly_(footballer,_born_1966) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jemal_Johnson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ayumi_Hamasaki Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vidyasagar_(composer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Randall Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Phil_Starbuck Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jodie_Foster Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rob_Burch_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Garry_Chalk Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carter_Burwell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Orson_Scott_Card Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Satyajit_Ray Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Emerson_Thome Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richie_Barker_(footballer,_born_1975) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Spies Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Blackwood_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fred_Bevan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Till Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sun_Ra Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Barry_Sonnenfeld Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Patrick_Shanley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kurtwood_Smith Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_Juryeff Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Bailey_(cinematographer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ben_Elton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ed_Harris Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vishal_Bhardwaj Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Irene_(costume_designer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Geoff_Horsfield Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charlie_Adler Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bernie_Brillstein Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frank_Carrodus Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pat_Hingle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jack_Bender Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mali_Finn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rolando_Bianchi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jennifer_Hale Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Howard_Bristol Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mukri Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Luke_Jones_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Elliott_Ward Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_Garmes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Len_Wein Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Les_Sullivan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Spike_Lee Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adrien_Beard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Toby_Emmerich Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aaron_Staton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Edward_Norton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Manorama_(Tamil_actress) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rick_Berman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Albert_Broadbent Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ben_Johnson_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jean-Pierre_Papin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Harding_(association_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jason_Lee_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Moncur Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marcus_Hahnemann Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nana_Mizuki Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leah_Laiman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jeremy_Sisto Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wim_Wenders Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alberto_Iglesias Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brian_Greenhalgh Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matt_Clarke_(footballer,_born_1973) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Brownrigg Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matt_Heath Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bette_Midler Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Keith_Bertschin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alex_Meechan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Josh_Schwartz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Diane_Warren Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Cole Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Grant_Heslov Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Billy_Bletcher Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marcel_Proust Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jack_Alderson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joel_Grey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frank_Pierson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pete_Seeger Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stuart_Lewis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marilyn_Vance Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andre_Boucaud Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Marquis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Suresh_Oberoi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Daniel_Lanois Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mira_Nair Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kim_Grant_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shirley_Henderson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Viola_Davis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lupe_Fiasco Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Tolan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ben_Hamer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Curtis_(footballer,_born_1978) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joseph-Désiré_Job Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Carlyle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lamine_Diatta Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Satish_Kaushik Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Twain Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Suniel_Shetty Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Prince-Désir_Gouano Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rod_Taylor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hugo_Friedhofer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jackie_Robinson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Henry_Simons_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Simon_Wormull Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Stockdale Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brian_Jackson_(footballer,_born_1933) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harry_Nilsson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adam_Miller_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Keith_Scott_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matteo_Brighi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Julian_Watts Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aya_Hisakawa Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ben_Foster_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vangelis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_J Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Josh_Griffith Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Gates Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Martin_Riley_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neil_Patrick_Harris Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Liam_O'Brien Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roy_McDonough Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ron_Silver Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Menken Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Houtman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jake_Cole Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christoph_Waltz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Conrad_Buff_IV Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Larroquette Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adam_Nowland Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Judd_Apatow Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Riccardo_Meggiorini Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Diana_Ross Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nitin_Chandrakant_Desai Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Hunt_(footballer,_born_1982) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Worrall Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Scott_(musician) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Mansfield Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Greenhut Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shaun_Derry Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_Feuer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Cooper Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stephen_Harper Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Victor_Young Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michel_Foucault Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Brin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Douglas_Drysdale Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Toshio_Furukawa Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harry_Bedford_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bob_Seger Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Larry_the_Cable_Guy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Deborah_Kerr Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_A._Horning Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frank_Watson_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dave_Leworthy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Key Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leslie_David_Baker Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cristiano_Doni Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bill_Finger Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bret_McKenzie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aamir_Khan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hal_B._Wallis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Kinsella Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Barry_Richardson_(English_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_Shakespeare Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tim_Clarke_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bill_Keech Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Heyward Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Macy_Gray Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marvin_Hamlisch Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marti_Noxon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vince_O'Keefe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aimee_Mann Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Amos Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Hamilton_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ruby_Dee Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wallace_Shawn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sean_McNamara_(director) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bill_Whittaker_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Giuseppe_Viani Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leandro_Cufré Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jimmy_Smith_(footballer,_born_1987) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Travers Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Beresford Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jimmy_Corbett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Martin_Taylor_(footballer,_born_1979) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tyrone_Power Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alok_Nath Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ryan_Seacrest Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jeff_Bhasker Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Domenico_Morfeo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dick_Wolf Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Henri_Matisse Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Daniel_Roebuck Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Moby Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marcus_Stewart Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Brown_(footballer,_born_1984) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stevie_Ray_Vaughan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jon_Lord Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Greg_Taylor_(English_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Herbert_Banks Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gianluca_Gaudenzi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dashiell_Hammett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rosalind_Russell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Johnny_Green Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alex_Dyer_(footballer,_born_1965) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gilles_Deleuze Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Austin_Pendleton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Martin_Phillips_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_Blanchett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Ryan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vijayakumar_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Chamberlain Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nathan_Blissett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Topher_Grace Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shigeru_Miyamoto Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Edward_Carfagno Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vangelis_Mantzios Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fred_Pentland Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richie_Wellens Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Schamus Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alfredo_Moreno Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matt_Duke Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bobby_Thomson_(footballer,_born_1943) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Curtis_Hanson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lal_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_Chapman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Preece_(footballer,_born_1963) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wynton_Marsalis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Ottman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dore_Schary Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aaron_Brown_(footballer,_born_1980) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/TobyMac Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Makin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Towner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scott_Rudin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sam_Stockley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eric_Davis_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dixie_Chicks Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jerry_Douglas Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colin_Grainger Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Rebhorn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mike_Scully Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jack_London Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rodney_Jerkins Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brett_Johnson_(footballer,_born_1985) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joshua_Redman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jessica_Walter Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ellen_Chenoweth Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Deborah_Ann_Woll Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Blackburn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ethan_Hawke Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Warren_Ellis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roy_Webb Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shea_Whigham Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Keir_Dullea Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brian_Quailey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Jennings Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Martin_(footballer,_born_1986) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Hodgson_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charles_Bukowski Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Trevor_Matthewson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dave_Brubeck Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eric_Stoltz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bill_Payne Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ty_Burrell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ray_Wise Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Blair_Turgott Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Samuel_Scheimann Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Greg_Halford Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Choi_Tae-uk Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Franco_Zeffirelli Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dean_Sinclair Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_David_Goldberg Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Phyllis_Smith Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kelvin_Davis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matt_Dickins Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_S._Goyer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Geoff_Thomas_(footballer,_born_1964) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ray_Haddington Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Stuart_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Freddie_Hubbard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Patti_Smith Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/June_Carter_Cash Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Gallagher Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Darren_Purse Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Buck Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hilary_Haag Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lennie_Moore Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Truman_Capote Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frank_Large Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adrian_Belew Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ross_Flitney Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Harper_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Luke_Rodgers Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Kirby_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Z._Leonard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Heather_Graham Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_Turnbull_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ryan_Allsop Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bing_Crosby Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Billy_Manuel Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Geoff_Johns Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ben_Bennett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_A._Heinlein Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bon_Jovi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charles_Brackett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/KRS-One Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jonny_Margetts Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Atkinson_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jerry_Lee_Lewis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nat_King_Cole Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aditya_Chopra Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Just_Blaze Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kyle_Chandler Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Red_Skelton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_A._Goodman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Conforti Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A._K._Hangal Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frank_Skinner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harry_Stradling Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rajendra_Nath Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Luciano_Spinosi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jacob_Butterfield Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gene_Kelly Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_Bradbury Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lindsay_Crouse Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shah_Rukh_Khan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wes_Anderson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Oppenheimer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Phillips_(footballer,_born_1954) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Akiva_Schaffer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neil_Webb Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Takei Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Playback_singer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Branch Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jim_Taylor_(writer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_Wyler Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hal_Mohr Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Butcher_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Currie_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lawrie_Madden Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Democratic_Caucus_of_the_United_States_House_of_Representatives Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sammy_Igoe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tommy_McCairns Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Amy_Nuttall Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nicola_Legrottaglie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nicky_Forster Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kathy_Bates Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charles_S._Dutton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hogan_Sheffer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steven_Levitan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carroll_O'Connor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dan_Povenmire Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leonard_Shaw Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ray_Train Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Travis_Banton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Norman_Jewison Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gore_Vidal Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ferruccio_Valcareggi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Fenton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ryan_Mason Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stuart_Jones_(footballer,_born_1977) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gil_Kane Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Linighan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gordon_Douglas_(director) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Antonio_Banderas Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Maya_Rudolph Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Strauss Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Kamen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mike_Watt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Catherine_O'Hara Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Henry_Blanke Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Italo_Calvino Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Henri_Lansbury Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Daniel_Carr Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Graeme_Tomlinson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dharmendra Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Garner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Taylor_(footballer,_born_1953) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ken_Charlery Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stan_Fazackerley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/108th_United_States_Congress Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_S._Clinton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Guy_Branston Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carsten_Lakies Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Maurice_Jarre Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Conor_Casey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Amy_Grant Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jerry_Goldsmith Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rie_Kugimiya Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Graham_Smith_(footballer,_born_1947) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dante_Alighieri Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Amy_Irving Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stephen_Jay_Gould Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Howie_Mandel Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Patrick Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Strait Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Currie_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Billy_Knott Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eric_Roth Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brett_Ormerod Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jada_Pinkett_Smith Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jerry_Weintraub Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sunil_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Thomas_(footballer,_born_1958) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_Pugh Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mamiko_Noto Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tim_Conway Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Fripp Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Phil_Tan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Vaughan_(footballer,_born_1964) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bob_Clampett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dileep_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Paul Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eric_Jones_(footballer,_born_1915) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Calum_Willock Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Dearden Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jimmy_Glass Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joseph_Biroc Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gerald_Sibon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alex_Smith_(footballer,_born_1991) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chuck_Jones Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marcus_Miller Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fyvush_Finkel Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Allison_Janney Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jennifer_Carpenter Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shirley_MacLaine Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brian_McKnight Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mychael_Danna Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Donny_Osmond Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sammy_Davis_Jr. Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/M._Night_Shyamalan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gilberto_(footballer,_born_1976) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nick_Pope_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Daniel_Haller Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Kyle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rachel_Griffiths Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christian_Bale Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Mildenhall Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pegguy_Arphexad Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Darren_Ward_(footballer,_born_1978) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Rapley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Russ_Meyer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Ruegger Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rutger_Hauer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Brown_(producer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hans_J._Salter Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Billy_Paynter Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Hemmings Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Speedie Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lalita_Pawar Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_J._Pakula Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Marsden_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lance_Cronin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Damian_Spencer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Trey_Parker Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shankar_Jaikishan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Friedrich_Schiller Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Gayle_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stephen_Root Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thomas_Schlamme Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hayley_Williams Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Catherine_Deneuve Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roger_Johnson_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Bunn_(English_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Holly_Marie_Combs Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Les_Sealey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Johnny_Mullins Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_Lava Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Viv_Busby Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Manobala Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hogan_Ephraim Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jenna_Ushkowitz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Avicenna Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Phil_Marsh Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ashish_Vidyarthi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dan_Schneider_(TV_producer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sayaji_Shinde Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scott_McGleish Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Phil_Vischer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fran_Walsh Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Himesh_Reshammiya Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Murphy_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Davide_Di_Gennaro Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_C._Hall Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robbie_Robertson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gethin_Creagh Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nobuo_Uematsu Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shaun_Batt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_McIntyre_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paolo_Castellini Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bob_Whittingham Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mike_Mills Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gloria_Stuart Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pauly_Shore Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adrian_(costume_designer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Manoj_Kumar Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ronnie_O'Brien Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Martin_Thomas_(footballer,_born_1973) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Friedrich_Hollaender Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Phil_Barber Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Teri_Polo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adam_Barrett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andrea_Rabito Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Klein Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ali_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bram_Stoker Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danny_Potter Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Berg Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tim_Allen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ernest_Steele Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ronald_D._Moore Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alf_Somerfield Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Giuseppe_Sculli Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Stevens Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hal_Roach Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Donna_Summer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Blackwell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gardner_Fox Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Gordon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eddie_Smith_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Will_Johnson_(soccer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jennifer_Hudson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frederick_Mearns Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roger_Berlind Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jack_Palethorpe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Darryl_Flahavan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Greenacre Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Greenwalt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jesse_L._Lasky Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eddie_Murphy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Derek_Weddle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andrew_W.K. Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hal_David Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Patrick_Dempsey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dean_Barrick Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alyson_Hannigan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adam_le_Fondre Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dalip_Tahil Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brad_Falchuk Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charlie_Sheringham Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dwight_Yoakam Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Francesco_Antonioli Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Beadle Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Rawls Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Johnson_(English_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Toby_Jones Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anthony_Newley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Gillespie_(footballer,_born_1904) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kate_Nelligan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Guillermo_del_Toro Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_Philpott Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Davide_Dionigi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Patrick_Loubert Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bow_Wow_(rapper) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bob_Latchford Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christian_Manfredini Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tyrone_Thompson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bill_Fagerbakke Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Cleverley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Robson_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Tinker Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Philip_Yordan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bruce_Davison Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pat_Terry Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Katsuhiro_Harada Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/L._Sprague_de_Camp Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Roundtree Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Webb_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Márcio_Santos_(footballer,_born_1969) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_Majors Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lisa_Gay_Hamilton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Heather_Morris Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colleen_Clinkenbeard Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Casey_(screenwriter) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tommy_Smith_(footballer,_born_1980) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Justin_Cochrane Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/BT_(musician) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bud_Houghton Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kraftwerk Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ray_McKinnon_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/D'Angelo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_James_(English_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Thomas_Anderson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jon_Beswetherick Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cameron_Crowe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jeff_Moss Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jay_Bennett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Donald_McAlpine Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Keith_Lowe_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Clive_Owen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ayako_Kawasumi Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Patricia_Neal Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lewis_Black Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Iris_Camaa Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lawrence_Kasdan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Merson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_B._Davis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Bridges Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ashanti_(singer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Seasman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Laraine_Day Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brian_McGorry Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Smith_(footballer,_born_1971) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/J._Michael_Straczynski Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jerry_Belson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Claude_Debussy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sharat_Saxena Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sarah_Brightman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Reece_Brown Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Judy_Greer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Coltrane Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/First_Lady_of_the_United_States Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Biggins Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roger_Zelazny Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Simon_Gillett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bernie_Wright Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Byrd Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Cho Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Hunt_(puppeteer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Javier_Bardem Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Miles_Davis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Guy_Butters Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Ablett_(English_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marc_Cherry Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Guglielmo_Stendardo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Corbin_Bernsen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Simon_Coleman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/High_sheriff Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/NSYNC Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ryan_Murphy_(writer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Johnnie_Jackson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ernie_Moss Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Laurie_Anderson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Sanneh Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jane_Horrocks Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chandra_Wilson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Luigi_Sartor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Coogan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jo_Kuffour Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Morgan_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Prem_Chopra Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gina_Gershon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Summers Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aidan_Newhouse Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Julie_Gardner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marvin_Hatley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mike_Salmon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neil_Shipperley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Young_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/N._Gail_Lawrence Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michelle_Patrick Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dean_Stockwell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Simpson_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andy_Marshall Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dena_Higley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Carlin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_C._McGinley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_Hodges_(footballer,_born_1978) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Osamu_Tezuka Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Martin_McDonagh Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kris_Taylor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Mandel Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anthony_Elding Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nelsan_Ellis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Satyen_Kappu Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pamela_Adlon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Phil_Gray Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jonathan_Demme Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Abraham_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joanna_Cassidy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Friz_Freleng Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Withe Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Don_Messick Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shriram_Lagoo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Buttolph Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robert_Smith_(musician) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Wright_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lee_Bullock Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dick_Duckworth_(footballer,_born_1906) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fred_Ebb Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Gross Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arouna_Koné Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Benito_Carbone Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hrithik_Roshan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jonathan_Lethem Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scott_Rendell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neil_Tolson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sam_Bush Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mike_Figgis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dr._John Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Rowett Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mark_Stein_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Cullen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sam_Elliott Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Laking_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jason_Lee_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/House_of_Hohenzollern Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wayne_Clarke_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chuck_Berry Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Raj_Babbar Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Denman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shammi_Kapoor Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lorenzo_Ferrero Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frederik_Pohl Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Armin_Mueller-Stahl Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Garth_Brooks Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robin_Wright Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_Benjamin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Graeme_Lee_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bertie_Brayley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roger_Willis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Mehew Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cybill_Shepherd Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frazer_Richardson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jake_Kean Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Asha_Parekh Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stanley_Kramer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_Anderson_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kevin_Clash Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Henry_King_(director) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joey_Jordison Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joseph_L._Mankiewicz Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Venu_Madhav_(actor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Trey_Anastasio Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sven_Nykvist Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Grisham Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Walon_Green Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Goetzman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ian_Thomas-Moore Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Darryn_Stamp Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Justin_Chambers Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mimi_Rogers Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Amy_Robach Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michelangelo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Brodie_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adam_Smith_(footballer,_born_1991) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pam_Tillis Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harry_Hadley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Garry_Thompson_(footballer,_born_1959) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Noble Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ryan_Kavanaugh Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ve_Neill Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bert_Mitchell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/William_J._Bell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_Benjamin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alex_Kurtzman Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tim_Daly Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Jackson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sam_Russell_(footballer,_born_1982) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wayne_Shorter Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Terrence_McNally Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jill_Clayburgh Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Westwood Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Johann_Sebastian_Bach Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eugene_Levy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/T._R._Knight Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Samuel_M._Comer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Luke_Medley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Norman_Cook Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jeff_Smith_(footballer,_born_1980) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Franco_Semioli Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Alan_Grier Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gary_Alexander_(footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Micah_Evans Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steve_Spooner Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marvin_March Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lucy_Lawless Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kyel_Reid Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dilip_Kumar Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Larry_David Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Ball_(screenwriter) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ben_Amos Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Miley_Cyrus Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chris_Wilder Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Hay Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kim_Carnes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anthony_(film_editor) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gabriel_Byrne Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brendan_Gleeson Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jim_Sheridan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aidan_Gillen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colm_Meaney Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jonathan_Rhys_Meyers Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Muhammad Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joseph_S._O'Leary Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Joyce Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mani_Sharma Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Muhammad_in_Islam Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Berkeley Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leo_John Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Julius_Caesar Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joann_Kelly Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Augustus Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scott_Partridge Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Viacom Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pigface Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Microsoft Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/ABS-CBN Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paramount_Pictures Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Google Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sun_Microsystems Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Codemasters Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neil_Jordan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/RCA Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oracle_Corporation Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hasbro Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Apple_Inc. Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nintendo Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/DC_Comics Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tim_Carvell Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/London_Symphony_Orchestra Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Polydor_Records Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Columbia_Records Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Apache_Software_Foundation Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FromSoftware Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ibn_Tufail Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Raghuvaran Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rory_Gallagher Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gloria_Hatrick_McLean Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Governor_of_New_York Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Governor_of_Kentucky Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Governor_of_New_Jersey Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Governor_of_Texas Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alan_Judge_(English_footballer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Radiohead Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FC_Schalke_04 Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dave_Matthews_Band Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/AC/DC Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Earth,_Wind_&_Fire Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paramore Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Muse_(band) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Linkin_Park Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Korn Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Foo_Fighters Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mushroom_Records Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_White_Stripes Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Green_Day Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Led_Zeppelin Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aerosmith Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/CBS Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Metallica Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steely_Dan Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Smashing_Pumpkins Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jethro_Tull_(band) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kings_of_Leon Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Clash Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yes_(band) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Democratic-Republican_Party Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Soundgarden Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Red_Hot_Chili_Peppers Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/KV_Mechelen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Enya Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/CNN Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Band Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Toto_(band) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Black_Keys Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/National_Film_Board_of_Canada Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Temptations Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Flaming_Lips Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pink_Floyd Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/20th_Century_Fox_Television Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/U2 Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/East_St._Louis,_Illinois Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Black_Sabbath Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Who Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wilco Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Judas_Priest Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Weezer Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mike_Piersante Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Grateful_Dead Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/They_Might_Be_Giants Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Megadeth Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Police Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pearl_Jam Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Asleep_at_the_Wheel Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nirvana_(band) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steven_Epstein_(music_producer) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Univision Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nine_Inch_Nails Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/No_Doubt Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Labour_Party_(UK) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/HBO Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kool_&_the_Gang Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/GMA_Network Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Presbyterianism Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jefferson_Airplane Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eagles_(band) Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/CBS_News Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/NPR Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Blood,_Sweat_&_Tears Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Van_Halen Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stuart_Snyder Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Raghu_Babu Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mary,_mother_of_Jesus Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Political_philosophy Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Philosophy_of_mind Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Philosophy_of_science Person
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Midnight_Cowboy Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kick-Ass_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Unfaithful_(2002_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Goonies Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Red_Tails Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Superman_II Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chinatown_(1974_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Golden_Compass_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Nutty_Professor_(1996_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hudson_Hawk Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Days_of_Thunder Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cleopatra_(1963_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Batman_Returns Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Night_at_the_Museum Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Usual_Suspects Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Antwone_Fisher_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Wolfman_(2010_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gaslight_(1944_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lemony_Snicket's_A_Series_of_Unfortunate_Events Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/American_Gangster_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Goodfellas Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Terminator_Salvation Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tango_&_Cash Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hannibal_Rising_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Elephant_Man_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/True_Lies Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Apocalypse_Now Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Galaxy_Quest Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robin_Hood_(2010_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Seraphim_Falls Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Being_There Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rocky_IV Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A_Passage_to_India_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Godfather_Part_III Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Conversation Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Training_Day Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/War_of_the_Worlds_(2005_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thirteen_Days_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Green_Lantern_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Hire Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alice_in_Wonderland_(2010_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Amazing_Spider-Man_(2012_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A.I._Artificial_Intelligence Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Machete_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Color_Purple_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jarhead_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sin_City_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ed_Wood_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Striptease_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Prometheus_(2012_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Last_Airbender Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Killing_Fields_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hannibal_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Congo_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Terminal Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vera_Drake Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hook_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kundun Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gladiator_(2000_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Batman_(1989–1997_film_series) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Body_of_Lies_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Armageddon_(1998_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Casino_Royale_(2006_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Saving_Private_Ryan Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Men_in_Black_3 Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Demolition_Man_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ghost_(1990_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Twister_(1996_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Happening_(2008_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_World_Is_Not_Enough Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Empire_of_the_Sun_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Happy_Together_(1997_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Quo_Vadis_(1951_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chaplin_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Black_Hawk_Down_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pearl_Harbor_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/JFK_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frankenweenie_(2012_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cape_Fear_(1991_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tommy_(1975_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_York_Stories Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cobra_(1986_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Patch_Adams_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Planet_of_the_Apes_(2001_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jumper_(2008_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cold_Mountain_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Con_Air Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Poltergeist_(1982_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/XXX_(2002_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Enemy_of_the_State_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jurassic_Park_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Happy-Go-Lucky Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Taking_of_Pelham_123_(2009_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Out_of_Sight Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shutter_Island_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Spy_Kids Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Departed Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rosemary's_Baby_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Victor/Victoria Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Manchurian_Candidate_(1962_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ragtime_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Good_Will_Hunting Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rise_of_the_Planet_of_the_Apes Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Radio_(2003_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rush_Hour_3 Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Catch_Me_If_You_Can Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Titanic_(1997_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Minority_Report_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Becket_(1964_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_English_Patient_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Talented_Mr._Ripley_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/2046_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Heaven_Can_Wait_(1978_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Memoirs_of_a_Geisha_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Citizen_Kane Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Faculty Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vantage_Point_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Valkyrie_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Amistad_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fatal_Attraction Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Corpse_Bride Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/War_Horse_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/King_Arthur_(2004_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Munich_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dark_Shadows_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Superman_(1978_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eragon_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Salt_(2010_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Foreign_Correspondent_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Casper_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/From_Dusk_till_Dawn Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Skyfall Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Graduate Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Close_Encounters_of_the_Third_Kind Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hugo_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ben-Hur_(1959_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Top_Gun Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ran_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peter_Pan_(2003_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Unstoppable_(2010_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mars_Attacks! Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chungking_Express Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Edge_of_Darkness_(2010_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Erin_Brockovich_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marmaduke_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Mission_(1986_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Spiderwick_Chronicles_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Catch-22_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Coming_Home_(1978_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Tintin_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Schindler's_List Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Unbearable_Lightness_of_Being_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/In_the_Mood_for_Love Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Raging_Bull Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Aviator_(2004_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lawrence_of_Arabia_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sleepy_Hollow_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Haunting_(1999_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Murder_on_the_Orient_Express_(1974_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/1941_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Raiders_of_the_Lost_Ark Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Enthiran Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Julia_(1977_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Over_the_Top_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Jackal_(1997_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Cat_in_the_Hat_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gangs_of_New_York Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Independence_Day_(1996_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Flight_(2012_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dances_with_Wolves Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chocolat_(2000_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Star_Wars_Holiday_Special Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Midnight_in_Paris Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mr._Deeds Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Young_Victoria Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Untouchables_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nine_Lives_(2005_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Jetsons_Meet_the_Flintstones Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dancer_in_the_Dark Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alfie_(2004_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marco_Polo_(miniseries) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Clash_of_the_Titans_(2010_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/She_Hate_Me Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Solitary_Man_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/L.A._Confidential_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Battle_of_Britain_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anonymous_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cowboys_&_Aliens Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Women_of_Brewster_Place_(miniseries) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mumford_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Late_Shift_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Unforgiven Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dead_Man Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Spider-Man_3 Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Constant_Gardener_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mrs_Henderson_Presents Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Angela's_Ashes_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Newton_Boys Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Blind_Side_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joan_of_Arc_(1948_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Atonement_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Twilight_(2008_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A_Dangerous_Method Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Movie_43 Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Zodiac_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Click_(2006_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/True_Grit_(2010_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Isle_of_Dogs_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Capote_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Julie_&_Julia Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Father_of_the_Bride_Part_II Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scott_Pilgrim_vs._the_World Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Small_Soldiers Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Into_the_Wild_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Platoon_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Taxi_Driver Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Ring_(2002_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Dark_Knight_Trilogy Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Avengers_(1998_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Men_Who_Stare_at_Goats_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Book_of_Eli Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Terms_of_Endearment Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Shawshank_Redemption Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hamlet_(1996_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Incredible_Hulk_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eat_Pray_Love Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Three_Musketeers_(2011_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Merry_Christmas,_Mr._Lawrence Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Right_Stuff_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ocean's_Thirteen Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pleasantville_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Please_Give Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Short_Cuts_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ice_Age_(2002_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Piranha_3DD Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Flintstones_in_Viva_Rock_Vegas Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Intolerable_Cruelty Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A_Bug's_Life Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Rum_Diary_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Die_Hard Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mighty_Aphrodite Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gigli Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tombstone_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Green_Hornet_(2011_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Don't_Say_a_Word Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Portrait_of_a_Lady_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Superman_III Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/An_Ideal_Husband_(1999_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_House_Bunny Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Red_Dragon_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gosford_Park Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jaws_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ocean's_Twelve Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Love_Affair_(1994_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Annie_(1982_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/MASH_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Amadeus_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cry_Freedom Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Valentine's_Day_(2010_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Runaway_Jury Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Hunger_Games_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Fugitive_(1993_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dangerous_Liaisons Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Snatch_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Role_Models Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Wasn't_There_(2001_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A_Bridge_Too_Far_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alice_in_Wonderland_(1985_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Inkheart_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Loss_of_a_Teardrop_Diamond Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Hitchhiker's_Guide_to_the_Galaxy_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Piano Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shakespeare_in_Love Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Veer-Zaara Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/My_Week_with_Marilyn Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Young_Adam_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rent_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kiss_Kiss_Bang_Bang Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Imagine_That_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A_Time_to_Kill_(1996_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ali_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Last_Station Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Die_Another_Day Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Great_Gatsby_(2013_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Clearing Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scary_Movie_4 Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ip_Man_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Antz Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cars_2 Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scary_Movie_3 Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aliens_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Radio_Days Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Avengers_(2012_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Spartacus_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/In_the_Name_of_the_King Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Margin_Call_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chasing_Amy Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Ladykillers_(2004_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/High_Fidelity_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Ghost_Writer_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Born_on_the_Fourth_of_July_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Life_Aquatic_with_Steve_Zissou Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Talk_to_Her Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Get_Smart_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rambo_III Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Good_Shepherd_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Die_Hard_with_a_Vengeance Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A_Beautiful_Mind_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Longest_Day_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Smurfs_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Seabiscuit_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/E.T._the_Extra-Terrestrial Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/In_the_Heat_of_the_Night_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Away_from_Her Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/127_Hours Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Coriolanus_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Velvet_Goldmine Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rango_(2011_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Opposite_of_Sex Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Annie_Hall Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Best_Years_of_Our_Lives Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Meet_the_Parents Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tinker_Tailor_Soldier_Spy_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Orange_County_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Priest_(2011_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hope_Springs_(2012_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Unknown_(2011_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Thin_Red_Line_(1998_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Little_Shop_of_Horrors_(1986_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Think_Like_a_Man Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wild_at_Heart_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Inglourious_Basterds Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Lorax_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A_Star_Is_Born_(1954_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Grudge Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scream_3 Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/I,_Robot_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Burn_After_Reading Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Epic_Movie Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jersey_Girl_(2004_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Enemy_at_the_Gates Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Hurricane_(1999_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Gathering_Storm_(2002_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Lost_Weekend_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Conspiracy_Theory_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Devil_Wears_Prada_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yes_Man_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A_Man_for_All_Seasons_(1966_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Specialist Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Courage_Under_Fire Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/3000_Miles_to_Graceland Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Revolutionary_Road_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shrek Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/ParaNorman Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bewitched_(2005_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Howards_End_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/I_Love_You_Phillip_Morris Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Beloved_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Romeo_+_Juliet Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bridget_Jones's_Diary_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Juno_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Sweet_Hereafter_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Octopussy Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sunshine_(1999_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Back_to_the_Future_Part_II Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/All_the_President's_Men_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Vow_(2012_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Nun's_Story_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Julius_Caesar_(1953_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Savages_(2012_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sliver_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/V_for_Vendetta_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dune_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Django_Unchained Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Salvador_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Evan_Almighty Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Casino_Royale_(1967_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Elektra_(2005_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Truman_Show Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/It_(miniseries) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Wings_of_the_Dove_(1997_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Polar_Express_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Batman_(1989_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Mirror_Has_Two_Faces Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tootsie Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A_Prairie_Home_Companion_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Birdcage Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Contender_(2000_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Animatrix Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wyatt_Earp_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Van_Helsing_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Knocked_Up Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wedding_Crashers Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A_Christmas_Carol_(2009_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Monster_House_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nashville_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Moonrise_Kingdom Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Magnolia_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oscar_(1991_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Singing_Detective_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Sting Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/On_the_Waterfront Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Punch-Drunk_Love Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/I_Don't_Know_How_She_Does_It Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fast_Food_Nation_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sleepers Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vetrivel Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Merlin_(miniseries) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ocean's_Eleven Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gulliver's_Travels_(2010_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Madness_of_King_George Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Bourne_Legacy_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Expendables_(2010_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Doctor_Zhivago_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Zoolander Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gone_Baby_Gone Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Ugly_Truth Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Angels_in_America_(miniseries) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Be_Cool Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lawless_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/American_Psycho_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Elizabeth_I_(miniseries) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fargo_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jane_Eyre_(2011_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A_Star_Is_Born_(1976_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Hangover_Part_II Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Masada_(miniseries) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Management_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Space_Cowboys Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Deer_Hunter Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Big_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Godfather_Part_II Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Iron_Man_3 Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Blades_of_Glory Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Iron_Man_2 Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chicken_Little_(2005_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oliver!_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/ER_(TV_series) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Longest_Yard_(2005_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/No_Country_for_Old_Men_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Boston_Legal Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/8_Mile_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Mummy_(1999_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Willy_Wonka_&_the_Chocolate_Factory Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Mummy_Returns Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Out_of_Africa_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Around_the_World_in_80_Days_(2004_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ryan's_Daughter Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mona_Lisa_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Cell Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rocky Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/30_Days_of_Night_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shrek_the_Third Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Boat_That_Rocked Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Commitments_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/And_the_Band_Played_On_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/How_to_Train_Your_Dragon_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Zookeeper_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Get_Him_to_the_Greek Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Sand_Pebbles_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sabrina_(1954_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shattered_Glass_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Descendants Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mystic_River_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Empire_Strikes_Back Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Even_Cowgirls_Get_the_Blues_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rocky_V Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wall_Street_(1987_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nixon_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kung_Fu_Panda_2 Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/All_the_King's_Men_(2006_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/You've_Got_Mail Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Seven_(1995_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Baron_Munchausen Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/In_Bruges Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/There's_Something_About_Mary Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Coming_to_America Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Crash_(1996_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Just_Go_with_It Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Synecdoche,_New_York Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Proposal_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Prêt-à-Porter_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Master_(2012_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Halloween_(2007_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richard_III_(1955_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Splash_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Monsters,_Inc. Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Toy_Story Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Summer_of_Sam Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Final_Destination_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Meet_Dave Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Secretariat_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Doubt_(2008_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/P.S._I_Love_You_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Drive_(2011_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Twelfth_Night_(1996_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Airport_(1970_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Who_Framed_Roger_Rabbit Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Heaven's_Gate_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nick_&_Norah's_Infinite_Playlist Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Diamonds_Are_Forever_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Up_(2009_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Drugstore_Cowboy Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A_Mighty_Wind Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/End_of_Days_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Do_the_Right_Thing Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Illusionist_(2006_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/He's_Just_Not_That_Into_You_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/American_Reunion Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Seeking_a_Friend_for_the_End_of_the_World Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Legends_of_the_Fall Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ghost_World_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Whip_It_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Silver_Linings_Playbook Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Man_of_Steel_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kung_Fu_Panda Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peyton_Place_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Remains_of_the_Day_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sophie's_Choice_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dirty_Dancing Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Soloist Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Jacket Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Virgin_Suicides_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Lord_of_the_Rings_(film_series) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Color_of_Night Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brideshead_Revisited_(TV_serial) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/King_Kong_(2005_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_People_vs._Larry_Flynt Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alice_in_Wonderland_(1999_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Love_Actually Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Evita_(1996_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shanghai_Noon Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rock_of_Ages_(2012_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cloud_Atlas_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Howl_(2010_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Invincible_(2006_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Cotton_Club_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Matrix_Revolutions Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bird_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Crash_(2004_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Bagger_Vance Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Big_Daddy_(1999_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/G-Force_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Real_Steel Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Live_Free_or_Die_Hard Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Soul_Surfer_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Killer_Inside_Me_(2010_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Crazy_in_Alabama Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Glory_(1989_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Youth_in_Revolt_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/How_the_West_Was_Won_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Astro_Boy_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/La_Dolce_Vita Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Almost_Famous Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pretty_Woman Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Hangover Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eyes_Wide_Shut Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Total_Recall_(2012_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Deep_Impact_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Slumdog_Millionaire Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Young_Frankenstein Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stranger_than_Fiction_(2006_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Bridge_on_the_River_Kwai Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Little_Fockers Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Bourne_Ultimatum_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Ice_Storm_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Barney's_Version_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mutiny_on_the_Bounty_(1962_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shark_Tale Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Everyone_Says_I_Love_You Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Monster's_Ball Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mr._Nobody_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Witches_of_Eastwick_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lantana_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pillow_Talk_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fantastic_Four_(2005_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Crossroads_(2002_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Holiday Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Gift_(2000_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Looper_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Godfather Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/My_Sister's_Keeper_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Mask_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/It's_a_Mad,_Mad,_Mad,_Mad_World Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Psycho_(1960_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/As_Good_as_It_Gets Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alien_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scary_Movie_2 Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Philadelphia_Story_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bridesmaids_(2011_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Others_(2001_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wayne's_World_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gone_with_the_Wind_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Lovely_Bones_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mamma_Mia!_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Syriana Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/St_Trinian's_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Duchess_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bright_Star_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Midnight's_Children_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/All_That_Jazz_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Evil_Angels_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alice_in_Wonderland_(1951_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tarzan_(1999_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wonder_Boys_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Third_Man Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Verdict Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Dark_Knight_Rises Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Perks_of_Being_a_Wallflower_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Red_State_(2011_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pulp_Fiction Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hotel_Rwanda Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shanghai_Knights Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Taking_Woodstock Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A_Serious_Man Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/I_Heart_Huckabees Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kramer_vs._Kramer Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Little_Children_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Crazy_Heart Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scary_Movie Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/It's_Complicated_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Miami_Vice_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Napoleon_Dynamite Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Batman_Begins Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sideways Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Savages_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mighty_Joe_Young_(1998_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Finding_Nemo Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bullets_over_Broadway Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rebecca_(1940_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/X-Men_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Happy_Feet Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Edward_Scissorhands Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lucky_Numbers Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sergeant_York_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Wicker_Man_(2006_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mrs_Brown Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alien_vs._Predator_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/I_Shot_Andy_Warhol Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Closer_(2004_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mrs._Miniver_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Trainspotting_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Grand_Budapest_Hotel Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kinsey_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Robe_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Last_of_the_Mohicans_(1992_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shrek_Forever_After Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Miracle_on_34th_Street Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shine_a_Light_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Godzilla_(1998_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bel_Ami_(2012_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Celebrity_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Fighter Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Children_of_Men Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Exorcist_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Toy_Story_3 Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Towering_Inferno Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/50_First_Dates Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Forgetting_Sarah_Marshall Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Next_Best_Thing Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Casting_By Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Equus_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hairspray_(2007_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Amelia_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cannonball_Run_II Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Spy_Game Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Psycho_(1998_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Quills Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/An_Early_Frost Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_End_of_the_Affair_(1999_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Invention_of_Lying Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Flintstones_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Infernal_Affairs Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Three_Kings_(1999_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sherlock_(TV_series) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tom_Jones_(1963_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Midnight_Express_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Limitless_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/I'm_Not_There Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gulliver's_Travels_(miniseries) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Six_Degrees_of_Separation_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Prestige_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scream_4 Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Mask_of_Zorro Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_Year's_Eve_(2011_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/When_in_Rome_(2010_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Stand_(miniseries) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carnage_(2011_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Girl,_Interrupted_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chariots_of_Fire Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Battleground_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Popeye_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shrek_2 Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Guess_Who's_Coming_to_Dinner Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anastasia_(1997_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Hurt_Locker Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Transformers_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Singing_Detective Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gandhi_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rules_of_Engagement_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Taken_2 Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Exodus_(1960_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Purple_Rose_of_Cairo Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Matrix Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Seven_Psychopaths Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mr._&_Mrs._Smith_(2005_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Air_Force_One_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hotel_Transylvania Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frankenstein_(1931_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Winter's_Bone Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lost_in_Space_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yentl_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/We_Were_Soldiers Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Deconstructing_Harry Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Walking_Dead_(TV_series) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Borat Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Last_Action_Hero Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Stepford_Wives_(2004_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Town_(2010_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/RoboCop Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/I_Now_Pronounce_You_Chuck_&_Larry Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/WALL-E Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pocahontas_(1995_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wild_Wild_West Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Shipping_News_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ordinary_People Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Lady_(2011_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arthur_Christmas Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adventureland_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rush_Hour_2 Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marie_Antoinette_(2006_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Before_the_Devil_Knows_You're_Dead Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Memento_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Winnie_the_Pooh_(2011_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/21_Grams Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Immortals_(2011_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Poseidon_Adventure_(1972_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Where_the_Wild_Things_Are_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Road_Trip_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Meet_Joe_Black Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Big_Lebowski Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Starship_Troopers_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alexander_(2004_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charlie_Wilson's_War Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lost_in_Translation_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Star_Trek_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Bourne_Supremacy_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bedtime_Stories_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Heaven_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shining_Through Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Grease_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Topsy-Turvy Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Infernal_Affairs_III Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Path_to_9/11 Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Man_on_the_Moon_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/For_Your_Consideration_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mansfield_Park_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lonesome_Dove_(miniseries) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Batman_&_Robin_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Get_Carter_(2000_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Expendables_2 Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Braveheart Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Primary_Colors_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tomorrow_Never_Dies Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Taken_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Manchurian_Candidate_(2004_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Giant_(1956_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Notes_on_a_Scandal_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/World_Trade_Center_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Cider_House_Rules_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Men_in_Black_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Iron_Man_(2008_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thoroughly_Modern_Millie Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Little_Miss_Sunshine Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Water_for_Elephants_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/300_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hold_Back_the_Dawn Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Star_Wars_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Made_in_Dagenham Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_New_World_(2005_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Muppet_Movie Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frida Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A_Few_Good_Men Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Quantum_of_Solace Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Main_Hoon_Na Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Troy_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A_View_to_a_Kill Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/500_Days_of_Summer Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dead_Ringers_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Super_(2010_American_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Firm_(1993_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fight_Club Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Carter_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Batman_Forever Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Road_to_Perdition Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Johnny_English_Reborn Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vertigo_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Quiet_Man Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_X-Files_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ratatouille_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stalag_17 Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rushmore_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Sum_of_All_Fears_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/2012_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Never_Let_Me_Go_(2010_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Tourist_(2010_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Atlantic_City_(1980_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Boys_Don't_Cry_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Funny_People Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Holes_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/We_Bought_a_Zoo Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Amazing_Grace_(2006_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Piranha_3D Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Prizzi's_Honor Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Clayton_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Angels_&_Demons_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Norbit Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Naked_Lunch_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Grey_Gardens_(2009_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bob_Roberts Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Crying_Game Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Enchanted_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oklahoma!_(1955_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Queen_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rush_Hour_(1998_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/This_Means_War_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A_Room_with_a_View_(1985_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jerry_Maguire Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wag_the_Dog Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Treasure_Planet Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oliver_Twist_(2005_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A_Very_Long_Engagement Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Boogie_Nights Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/2_Fast_2_Furious Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Apollo_13_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rise_of_the_Guardians Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Black_Dahlia_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jonah_Hex_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hamlet_(1990_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Apartment Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Take_Shelter Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Assassination_of_Jesse_James_by_the_Coward_Robert_Ford Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Turning_Point_(1977_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_House_of_Mirth_(2000_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Hours_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Reader_(2008_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Cabin_in_the_Woods Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Messenger_(2009_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Tree_of_Life_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Larry_Crowne Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Friends_with_Benefits_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Fisher_King Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Curious_Case_of_Benjamin_Button_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Pluto_Nash Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pride_&_Prejudice_(2005_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/On_the_Road_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_A-Team_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tropic_Thunder Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Last_Song_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/W._(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Primal_Fear_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brave_(2012_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dredd Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Water_(2005_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chicago_(2002_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Death_on_the_Nile_(1978_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shackleton_(TV_serial) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Silence_of_the_Lambs_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/About_a_Boy_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carry_On_(franchise) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cadillac_Records Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Bourne_Identity_(2002_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Australia_(2008_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Emma_(1996_theatrical_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Requiem_for_a_Dream Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Lives_of_a_Bengal_Lancer_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Resident_Evil_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Legend_(1985_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Grown_Ups_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Beowulf_(2007_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paul_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Sorcerer's_Apprentice_(2010_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frost/Nixon_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A_Civil_Action_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Get_Low_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alfie_(1966_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Rainmaker_(1997_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Birds_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Name_of_the_Rose_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rain_Man Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Last_Emperor Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Scorpion_King Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Milk_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jack_Reacher_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hercules_(1997_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time_in_America Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Seven_Pounds Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Maid_in_Manhattan Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Delta_Force Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/An_American_in_Paris_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Incredibles Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Elizabeth_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Quiet_American_(2002_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anger_Management_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Pride_of_the_Yankees Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ghostbusters_II Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Back_to_the_Future Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Far_from_Heaven Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/American_History_X Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Wrestler_(2008_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Losers_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anatomy_of_a_Murder Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cliffhanger_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fences_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Puss_in_Boots_(2011_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Island_(2005_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Precious_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A_League_of_Their_Own Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Agora_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Back_to_the_Future_Part_III Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/X2_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stand_by_Me_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Song_of_Bernadette_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_History_Boys_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Gay_Divorcee Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Notting_Hill_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/State_of_Play_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Bodyguard_(1992_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Road_(2009_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Analyze_This Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Speed_Racer_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shane_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Superbad_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ned_Kelly_(2003_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/De-Lovely Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Return_of_the_Jedi Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rachel_Getting_Married Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Never_Say_Never_Again Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Little_Women_(1994_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Pink_Panther_2 Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Groundhog_Day_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/What_Lies_Beneath Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Girl_with_a_Pearl_Earring_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Old_Dogs_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Don't_Be_Afraid_of_the_Dark_(2010_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mary_Shelley's_Frankenstein_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hulk_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Traffic_(2000_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Talk_to_Me_(2007_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Coal_Miner's_Daughter_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Argo_(2012_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Starsky_&_Hutch_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Any_Given_Sunday Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Domino_(2005_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Grindhouse_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Rescuers Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/In_the_Bedroom Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Get_Shorty_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Homeland_(TV_series) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Life_as_We_Know_It_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robots_(2005_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pineapple_Express_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shine_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oh!_What_a_Lovely_War Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gentleman's_Agreement Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hellboy_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Face/Off Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Beginners Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Station_Agent Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Changeling_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rich_Man,_Poor_Man_(miniseries) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bad_Teacher Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Rocky_Horror_Picture_Show Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Crucible_(1996_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Four_Rooms Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Terminator Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Phantom_of_the_Opera_(2004_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/An_Education Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/National_Security_(2003_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Quadrophenia_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nine_(2009_live-action_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Secret_of_the_Wings Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Swept_Away_(2002_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lady_in_the_Water Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Da_Vinci_Code_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Dark_Knight_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Curse_of_the_Golden_Flower Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Public_Enemies_(2009_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Knew_Too_Much_(1956_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dr._No_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stargate_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Battleship_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cats_&_Dogs Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Haywire_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Barry_Lyndon Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_40-Year-Old_Virgin Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Best_Exotic_Marigold_Hotel Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stardust_(2007_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scream_2 Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/J._Edgar Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leaving_Las_Vegas Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cosmopolis_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Showtime_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anaconda_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fair_Game_(2010_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thirteen_(2003_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Help_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Date_Night Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/There_Will_Be_Blood Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/That's_My_Boy_(2012_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Time_Machine_(2002_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Spellbound_(1945_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Judge_Dredd_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Transamerica_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bulworth Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Men_in_Black_II Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Dictator_(2012_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Man_in_the_Iron_Mask_(1998_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Fabulous_Baker_Boys Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/American_Pie_2 Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cinderella_Man Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mulholland_Drive_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Speed_(1994_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Royal_Tenenbaums Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/American_Beauty_(1999_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Big_Miracle Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Iris_(2001_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/About_Schmidt Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brazil_(1985_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eagle_Eye Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/On_Golden_Pond_(1981_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/I_Love_You,_Man Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Kingdom_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Fly_(1986_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Weather_Man Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Coach_Carter Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Daredevil_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Interview_with_the_Vampire_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Days_of_Being_Wild Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thor_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/And_Starring_Pancho_Villa_as_Himself Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fantastic_Mr._Fox_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Singin'_in_the_Rain Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Rocketeer_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rhinestone_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Queen_of_the_Damned Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Network_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Flash_Gordon_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Horrible_Bosses Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_King's_Speech Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carrie_(1976_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/North_(1994_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Collateral_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Great_Expectations_(2012_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_League_of_Extraordinary_Gentlemen_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cabaret_(1972_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Breakfast_at_Tiffany's_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kal_Ho_Naa_Ho Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Island_of_Dr._Moreau_(1996_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Smokin'_Aces Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Spider-Man_2 Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Monsoon_Wedding Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_Copperfield_(1999_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dogma_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fast_Five Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Painted_Veil_(2006_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Beetlejuice Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Daylight_(1996_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lords_of_Dogtown Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eternal_Sunshine_of_the_Spotless_Mind Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Crazy,_Stupid,_Love Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bend_It_Like_Beckham Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Breaker_Morant_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Luther_(2003_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Village_(2004_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Dukes_of_Hazzard_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Friday_Night_Lights_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Imaginarium_of_Doctor_Parnassus Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tangled Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/I_Spy_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Broadcast_News_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/All_About_Eve Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Willow_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/In_Harm's_Way Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/My_Left_Foot Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Donnie_Darko Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Orlando_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hoffa Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Simpsons_Movie Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adaptation_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Other_Boleyn_Girl_(2008_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Day_After_Tomorrow Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lock_Up_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vanilla_Sky Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Million_Dollar_Baby Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Last_Picture_Show Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roman_Holiday Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kuch_Kuch_Hota_Hai Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dogville Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A_Midsummer_Night's_Dream_(1999_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tough_Guys_Don't_Dance_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Full_Monty Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shopgirl Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fist_of_the_North_Star_(1986_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Moonstruck Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gia Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Garden_State_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Human_Stain_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Legally_Blonde Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Moulin_Rouge! Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Inland_Empire_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Heat_(1995_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Judgment_at_Nuremberg Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Timeline_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Way_We_Were Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Sixth_Sense Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alias_(TV_series) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Guard_(2011_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Hunchback_of_Notre_Dame_(1996_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Postman_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Signs_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Black_Swan_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Blazing_Saddles Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Lion_in_Winter_(1968_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/EDtv Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dog_Day_Afternoon Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ballet_Shoes_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Silent_Hill_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Meet_the_Fockers Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Animal_House Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gigi_(1958_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/13_Going_on_30 Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/WarGames Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/You_Only_Live_Twice_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/What_Dreams_May_Come_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bram_Stoker's_Dracula Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Blue_Velvet_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Killing_Them_Softly Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sexy_Beast Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Reversal_of_Fortune Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bernie_(2011_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Recount_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Last_King_of_Scotland_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Heavy_Metal_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Basic_Instinct_2 Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Yards Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Insider_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Twin_Peaks Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Terry_Pratchett's_The_Colour_of_Magic Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Catwoman_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Final_Destination_5 Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Licence_to_Kill Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Some_Like_It_Hot Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hustle_&_Flow Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Up_in_the_Air_(2009_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michael_Collins_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Phantom_(1996_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Little_Nicky Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Henry_V_(1989_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Best_in_Show_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Contraband_(2012_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/American_Pie_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Wiz_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Funny_Girl_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Producers_(2005_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Along_Came_Polly Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Flowers_of_War Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Girl_with_the_Dragon_Tattoo_(2011_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Manhattan_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Casablanca_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Melancholia_(2011_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/8_Women Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Namesake_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lilo_&_Stitch Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Secrets_&_Lies_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Warlords Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Love_Is_a_Many-Splendored_Thing_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anna_Karenina_(2012_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/To_Rome_with_Love_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Philadelphia_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Informant! Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Calendar_Girls Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alice_Doesn't_Live_Here_Anymore Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Since_You_Went_Away Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/U-571_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thelma_&_Louise Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cookie's_Fortune Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Other_Guys Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Caine_Mutiny_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Murder_by_Decree Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Spy_Who_Came_in_from_the_Cold_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Straight_Story Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Home_Alone Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/TMNT_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Days_of_Heaven Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gettysburg_(1993_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wanted_(2008_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_SpongeBob_SquarePants_Movie Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Killers_(2010_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Flags_of_Our_Fathers_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Red_Violin Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/My_Big_Fat_Greek_Wedding Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ghostbusters Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/La_Vie_en_rose_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bury_My_Heart_at_Wounded_Knee_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Affliction_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sunday_Bloody_Sunday_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/My_Man_Godfrey Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mary_Poppins_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gran_Torino Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Heiress Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Kids_Are_All_Right_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Being_Julia Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cruel_Intentions Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Glenn_Miller_Story Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Basic_Instinct Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ray_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sherlock_Holmes_(2009_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Spider-Man_(2002_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jodhaa_Akbar Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Freddy_vs._Jason Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anne_of_the_Thousand_Days Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A_Fish_Called_Wanda Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Labyrinth_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dead_Poets_Society Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Invasion_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Muppets_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Freddy_Got_Fingered Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Green_Mile_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Ten_Commandments_(1956_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sucker_Punch_(2011_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Pursuit_of_Happyness Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Lion_King Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Sessions_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ironclad_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brokeback_Mountain Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_French_Connection_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Natural_Born_Killers Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Blade_Runner Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dressed_to_Kill_(1980_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/We_Need_to_Talk_About_Kevin_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rang_De_Basanti Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Battlefield_Earth_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Confessions_of_a_Dangerous_Mind Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/South_Pacific_(1958_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pinocchio_(2002_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Social_Network Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/When_We_Were_Kings Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Austin_Powers_in_Goldmember Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/This_Must_Be_the_Place_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A_Place_in_the_Sun_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/3_Idiots Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Grapes_of_Wrath_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/In_the_Name_of_the_Father_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Temple_Grandin_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Blade_II Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Quest_for_Fire_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Invictus_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Rose_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stop!_Or_My_Mom_Will_Shoot Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A_Simple_Plan_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Barton_Fink Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mississippi_Burning Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Iron_Lady_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Another_Year_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scooby-Doo_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/21_Jump_Street_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gallipoli_(1981_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Patton_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Runaways_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charlie's_Angels_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Women_in_Love_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scrooged Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Shining_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Breakfast_on_Pluto_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Metropolis_(2001_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Insidious_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/It's_a_Wonderful_Life Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shanghai_(2010_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Little_Mermaid_(1989_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Greatest_Story_Ever_Told Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Love_Guru Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Till_the_Clouds_Roll_By Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Guns_of_Navarone_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Forrest_Gump Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Last_Samurai Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mean_Girls Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Very_Bad_Things Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Easy_Rider Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Being_John_Malkovich Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Awakenings Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Cassandra_Crossing Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mutiny_on_the_Bounty_(1935_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Babel_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hud_(1963_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Time_Machine_(1960_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Superman_Returns Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Spice_World_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mao's_Last_Dancer_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vanity_Fair_(2004_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scent_of_a_Woman_(1992_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/50/50_(2011_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/My_Name_Is_Khan Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Zombieland Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Nightmare_Before_Christmas Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/2010_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/City_of_Angels_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/From_Russia_with_Love_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Impossible_(2012_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hyde_Park_on_Hudson Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eastern_Promises Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Treasure_of_the_Sierra_Madre_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hereafter_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Madagascar_(2005_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Malcolm_X_(1992_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/On_Her_Majesty's_Secret_Service_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Starter_for_10_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Terror_in_the_Aisles Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pinocchio_(1940_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Antichrist_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aladdin_(1992_Disney_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Land_of_the_Lost_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Ford_Fairlane Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Ides_of_March_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lost_Highway_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Man_with_the_Golden_Gun_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Om_Shanti_Om Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Election_(1999_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Infernal_Affairs_II Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A_Streetcar_Named_Desire_(1951_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Matrix_Reloaded Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Good_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kiki's_Delivery_Service Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Super_8_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/High_School_Musical Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Scarlet_Letter_(1995_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/It_Happened_One_Night Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marley_&_Me_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/National_Treasure_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wreck-It_Ralph Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Trouble_with_Harry Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Whistleblower Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/High_Anxiety Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mommie_Dearest_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Green_Zone_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Assassins_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/End_of_Watch Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Driving_Miss_Daisy Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Priscilla,_Queen_of_the_Desert Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ae_Dil_Hai_Mushkil Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bugsy Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Swimming_Upstream Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Battle_Royale_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dead_Man_Walking_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tyrannosaur_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yankee_Doodle_Dandy Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/From_Here_to_Eternity Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scoop_(2006_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Life_of_Pi_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/That_Thing_You_Do! Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Constantine_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/How_Green_Was_My_Valley_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/In_America_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/I_Know_Who_Killed_Me Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A_Midsummer_Night's_Dream_(1935_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Prize_(1963_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/From_Hell_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dinner_for_Schmucks Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gattaca Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Snow_Falling_on_Cedars_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ninotchka Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Saw_3D Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mildred_Pierce_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/You_Can_Count_On_Me Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Country_Girl_(1954_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/American_Wedding Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Remember_the_Titans Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/House_of_Flying_Daggers Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Let_Me_In_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dick_Tracy_(1990_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lethal_Weapon_4 Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Walk_the_Line Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/North_by_Northwest Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/You_Don't_Mess_with_the_Zohan Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bicentennial_Man_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rocky_Balboa_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scarlett_(miniseries) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Living_Daylights Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Quiz_Show_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/One_Flew_Over_the_Cuckoo's_Nest_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hancock_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/All_About_Steve Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/My_Fair_Lady_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Moneyball_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shame_(2011_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Alamo_(1960_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Magic_Mike Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lady_Sings_the_Blues_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Bridges_of_Madison_County_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dr._Strangelove Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anthony_Adverse Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Waterworld Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vicky_Cristina_Barcelona Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Going_My_Way Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hot_Fuzz Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Rules_of_Attraction_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Santa_Clause_2 Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Billy_Elliot Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Interpreter Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/West_Side_Story_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jaws_3-D Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Beaver_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_African_Queen_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Spy_Who_Loved_Me_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/City_Slickers Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Monster_(2003_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hello,_Dolly!_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Fifth_Element Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Reds_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A_Single_Man Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Blow_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rope_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Footloose_(2011_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Patriot_(2000_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cars_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mr._Smith_Goes_to_Washington Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Grifters_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A_Simple_Life Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Watchmen_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Albert_Nobbs Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Hustler_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frank_Herbert's_Dune Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Saw_(2004_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Happy_Gilmore Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bolt_(2008_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Babe_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Love_Story_(1970_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_French_Lieutenant's_Woman_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cheaper_by_the_Dozen_(2003_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_City_of_Lost_Children Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Dreamers_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Battlestar_Galactica_(2004_TV_series) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shadowlands_(1993_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Pianist_(2002_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Butterfly_Effect Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hotel_Transylvania_3 Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Centurion_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jackass_Number_Two Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Halloween_(1978_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Texas_Chainsaw_Massacre_(2003_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Laura_(1944_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Pink_Panther_(2006_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Diary_of_Anne_Frank_(1959_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Maltese_Falcon_(1941_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Along_Came_a_Spider_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brighton_Rock_(2010_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Showgirls Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/American_Graffiti Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/American_Splendor_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hamlet_(1948_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Count_of_Monte_Cristo_(2002_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bruce_Almighty Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shaun_of_the_Dead Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dilwale_Dulhania_Le_Jayenge Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Avatar_(2009_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Parent_Trap_(1998_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Rock_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dreamgirls_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bedazzled_(2000_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Wizard_of_Oz_(1939_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fahrenheit_9/11 Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jackass_3D Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_World's_Fastest_Indian Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Orphanage_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lou_Grant_(TV_series) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ted_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Howard_the_Duck_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A_Better_Tomorrow Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rambo_(2008_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hell_or_High_Water_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Missing_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Away_We_Go Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Goodbye_Girl Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/America_America Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/House_of_Wax_(2005_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Life_Is_Beautiful Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/She's_Having_a_Baby Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Salmon_Fishing_in_the_Yemen Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sicko Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Submarine_(2010_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Toy_Story_2 Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Crouching_Tiger,_Hidden_Dragon Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Music_Man_(1962_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ulysses'_Gaze Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Can't_Stop_the_Music Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Amour_(2012_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Iron_Sky Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Lord_of_the_Rings_(1978_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Into_the_Storm_(2009_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/16_Blocks Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/For_Your_Eyes_Only_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Game_Change_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bolero_(1984_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sunset_Boulevard_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Captain_Corelli's_Mandolin_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Witness_(1985_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Persepolis_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Smallfoot_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Red_Cliff_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lagaan Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tess_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Goldfinger_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Around_the_World_in_80_Days_(1956_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Step_Up_Revolution Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thunderball_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Believer_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Cable_Guy Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dirty_Pretty_Things_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kiss_of_the_Spider_Woman_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dial_M_for_Murder Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ferris_Bueller's_Day_Off Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Sound_of_Music_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Appleseed_Ex_Machina Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/I_Am_Legend_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Moonraker_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fish_Tank_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cast_Away Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A_Clockwork_Orange_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Sea_Inside Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kaboom_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/To_Kill_a_Mockingbird_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Serpico Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Unleashed_&_Unreleased Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Star_Trek Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Spider-Man Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/My_Neighbor_Totoro Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/UTV_Motion_Pictures Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Late_Show_(CBS_TV_series) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/UPN Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Futurama Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lost_(TV_series) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Easy_Listening... Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dragon_Ball Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oz_(TV_series) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cinema_Paradiso Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/King_of_the_Hill Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Desperate_Housewives Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Airplane! Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mighty_Morphin_Power_Rangers Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Cleveland_Show Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Andy_Griffith_Show Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Capitol_Records Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/30_Rock Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Seinfeld Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mad_Men Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Office_(U.S._TV_series) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/So_You_Think_You_Can_Dance_(U.S._TV_series) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/American_Recordings_(record_label) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/DreamWorks_Records Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Power_Rangers Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Babylon_5 Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Interscope_Records Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Batman_Beyond Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Late_Show_with_David_Letterman Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Freakazoid! Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Communist_Party_of_the_Soviet_Union Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Upstairs,_Downstairs_(1971_TV_series) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arista_Records Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Trollhunters Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Star_Wars Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ugly_Betty Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Angel_(1999_TV_series) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Castle_Rock_Entertainment Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Windows_Vista Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Imagine_Entertainment Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/ASAP_(variety_show) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Flight_of_the_Conchords_(TV_series) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sonic_X Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_O.C. Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Colbert_Report Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/United_Artists Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Law_&_Order Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Howl's_Moving_Castle_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rangers_F.C. Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Android_(operating_system) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Virgin_Group Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vampire_Knight Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Magical_Girl_Lyrical_Nanoha Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Sopranos Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Solaris_(operating_system) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Another_World_(TV_series) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marvel_Comics Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sesame_Street Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_View_(U.S._TV_series) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frasier Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chicago_Hope Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Wire Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Saturday_Night_Live Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Simpsons Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Downton_Abbey Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Revolution_Studios Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/NYPD_Blue Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_X-Files Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lucasfilm Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mickey_Mouse Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/WWE_SmackDown Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cormoran_Strike Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Weinstein_Company Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Practice Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Toybox_Turbos Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Virgin_Records Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Java_(programming_language) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Lord_of_the_Rings Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Grey's_Anatomy Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yash_Raj_Films Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tiny_Toon_Adventures Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Fairly_OddParents Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Zero_Dark_Thirty Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/American_Dad! Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/This_Is_Spinal_Tap Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Twilight_Zone_(1985_TV_series) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dragon_Ball_(manga) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Justice_League_(TV_series) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dexter_(TV_series) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Spyglass_Entertainment Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Price_Is_Right_(U.S._game_show) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Black_Rose_(Tyrese_album) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Changingman Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mobile_Suit_Gundam_00 Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hallmark_Hall_of_Fame Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/NBC Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Venture_Bros. Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Breaking_Bad Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Cosby_Show Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Morgan_Creek_Productions Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Caroline_Records Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tarzan Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lakeshore_Entertainment Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Twilight_Zone Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Picket_Fences Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Geffen_Records Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Heroes_(TV_series) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_X_Factor_(UK_TV_series) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Silver_Pictures Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/From_the_Earth_to_the_Moon_(miniseries) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Touchstone_Pictures Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/As_the_World_Turns Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/I'm_Up_(Omarion_song) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fringe_(TV_series) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ricky_Martin_singles_discography Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Glee_(TV_series) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A_Kid_Named_Cudi Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Havok_(software) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/V2_Records Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Larry_Sanders_Show Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Asylum_Records Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Visitor_(Jim_O'Rourke_album) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A_Pup_Named_Scooby-Doo Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arrested_Development_(TV_series) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Transformers Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Daffy_Duck Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/IOS Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/How_I_Met_Your_Mother Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mad_About_You Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wii Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_West_Wing Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Curb_Your_Enthusiasm Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/South_Park Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Robot_Chicken Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Academy_Award_for_Best_Adapted_Screenplay Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gossip_Girl Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/MacOS Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Daily_Show Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pan's_Labyrinth Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Torchwood Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ponyo Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Royal_Victorian_Order Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alternative_Tentacles Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Buffy_the_Vampire_Slayer Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cheers Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Saturday_Night's_Main_Event Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_White_Ribbon Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Davis_Entertainment Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Goku Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Mary_Tyler_Moore_Show Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Summit_Entertainment Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vinyl_Films Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Muppet_Show Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/United_States_Declaration_of_Independence Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Loving_(TV_series) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Boardwalk_Empire Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/One_Life_to_Live Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/WWE_Superstars Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Voyages_extraordinaires Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Death_Row_Records Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Miramax Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sucka_Free Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Xbox_360 Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Six_Feet_Under_(TV_series) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/American_Horror_Story Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wellington_College,_Berkshire Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Angel_(Yoko_Ono_song) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Come_Sunday Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Flashdance Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/PolyGram Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Looney_Tunes Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Spirited_Away Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cave_of_Forgotten_Dreams Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Taxi_(TV_series) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mulan_(1998_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Transformers_(TV_series) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/General_Hospital Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bowling_for_Columbine Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Deadwood_(TV_series) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bleak_House_(2005_TV_serial) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/America's_Got_Talent Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ally_McBeal Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/All_Quiet_on_the_Western_Front_(1930_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Walt_Disney_Animation_Studios Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Reprise_Records Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rugrats Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Mickey_Mouse_Club Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Windows_7 Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Largo_Entertainment Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sullivan's_Travels Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Epic_Records Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pina_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Windows_XP Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Beverly_Hills,_90210 Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jesus_of_Nazareth_(miniseries) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Pacific_(miniseries) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/House_(TV_series) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Animaniacs Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/True_Blood Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Bond Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Porco_Rosso Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Waltons Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Game_of_Thrones Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Count_Dracula Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chuck_(TV_series) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/America's_Next_Top_Model Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Friends Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Knuckles_the_Echidna Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Catholic_Church Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/All_My_Children Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/American_Idol Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Malcolm_in_the_Middle Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Beauty_(Ryuichi_Sakamoto_album) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Pigeon_Finds_a_Hot_Dog! Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bobby_(2006_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A&M_Records Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Burning_Bridges_(Ludacris_EP) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/GK_Films Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Apache_License Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dimension_Films Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Image_Comics Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nintendo_Entertainment_System Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Vampire_Diaries Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Def_Jam_Recordings Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Friday_Night_Lights_(TV_series) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Happy_Madison_Productions Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Days_of_Our_Lives Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Walt_Disney_Pictures Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/LucasArts Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/C_Sharp_(programming_language) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Voyage_of_Time Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mad_TV Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/An_Inconvenient_Truth Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bad_Boy_Records Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/On_Baile's_Strand Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rome_(TV_series) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Happy_Days Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Souls_(series) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Abra-Catastrophe Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frankenstein's_monster Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Regency_Enterprises Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_New_York_Times Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dischord_Records Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bugs_Bunny Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/M*A*S*H_(TV_series) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hill_Street_Blues Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sundance_Film_Festival Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Black_Robe_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bad_Education_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_NeverEnding_Story_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Lives_of_Others Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A_Prophet Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fiddler_on_the_Roof_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_York,_I_Love_You Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Restless_(2011_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Kite_Runner_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Miracle_at_St._Anna Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mobile_Suit_Gundam Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Passion_of_the_Christ Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Volver Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/King_Kong_(1933_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/United_93_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Topaz_(1969_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jesus_Christ_Superstar_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yellow_Submarine_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Saboteur_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/All_About_My_Mother Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Apocalypto Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Motorcycle_Diaries_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A_Place_in_Time Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Pirate_Movie Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kung_Fu_Hustle Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Letters_from_Iwo_Jima Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Strictly_Ballroom Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Aristocrats_(film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Election_2 Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fame_(1980_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Cardinal Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Germany_in_Autumn Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Civil_War_(TV_series) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Metropolis_(1927_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/28_Days_Later Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Musical_film Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Election_(2005_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Z_(1969_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Searching_for_Debra_Winger Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Merry_Widow_(1934_film) Movie
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Franco-Dutch_War Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/American_Indian_Wars Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/59th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Operation_Barbarossa Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/2009_Iranian_presidential_election_protests Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/2017_Romanian_protests Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nine_Years'_War Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/February_1999_Kurdish_protests Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Long_Turkish_War Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/War_of_the_First_Coalition Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Second_Boer_War Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Venezuelan_diaspora Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Iraq_War Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hundred_Days Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/2013–14_chikungunya_outbreak Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mexican_Drug_War Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/War_of_the_Sixth_Coalition Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/English_Civil_War Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/War_of_the_Spanish_Succession Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Napoleonic_Wars Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Operation_Enduring_Freedom_–_Horn_of_Africa Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Battle_of_Blenheim Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/24th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Western_Front_(World_War_II) Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/American_Revolutionary_War Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cornish_rebellion_of_1497 Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/First_Indochina_War Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/War_of_the_Austrian_Succession Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Italian_Wars Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/36th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Operation_Atalanta Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Deluge_(history) Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Second_Intifada Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/World_War_I Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Conquest_of_Tunis_(1535) Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Russian_Civil_War Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/57th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/74th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Italian_Campaign_(World_War_II) Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Seven_Years'_War Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Middle-Eastern_theatre_of_World_War_I Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/World_War_II Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/49th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/52nd_Primetime_Emmy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/54th_Annual_Grammy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/60th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eastern_Front_(World_War_II) Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/2011_England_riots Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/48th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Battle_of_Leipzig Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/66th_Golden_Globe_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vietnam_War Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Second_Crusade Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Indonesia–Malaysia_confrontation Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eighty_Years'_War Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pacific_War Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/45th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/73rd_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/First_War_of_Scottish_Independence Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/63rd_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yom_Kippur_War Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Third_Crusade Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Second_Punic_War Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/First_Crusade Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/French_Revolutionary_Wars Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Northern_Mali_conflict Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Austro-Prussian_War Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/62nd_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/War_on_Terror Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/46th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Spanish_Civil_War Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/71st_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Afghan_Civil_War_(1996–2001) Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/56th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/43rd_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chinese_Civil_War Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Boxer_Rebellion Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/War_of_the_Fourth_Coalition Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/44th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Crimean_War Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/25th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/47th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eritrean_War_of_Independence Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/23rd_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Libyan_Civil_War_(2011) Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/79th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/82nd_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nicaraguan_Revolution Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Battle_of_the_Atlantic Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/58th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Indian_Rebellion_of_1857 Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lebanese_Civil_War Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Great_Turkish_War Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Allied_intervention_in_the_Russian_Civil_War Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/35th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/North_African_Campaign Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/78th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/21st_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/26th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Portuguese_Colonial_War Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/War_of_the_Polish_Succession Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/55th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/French_invasion_of_Russia Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Battle_of_France Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gulf_War Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/76th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Western_Front_(World_War_I) Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Operation_Enduring_Freedom Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/War_of_the_Quadruple_Alliance Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/59th_Primetime_Emmy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/67th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/38th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/69th_Golden_Globe_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/War_of_1812 Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/75th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/61st_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/37th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brit_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Moro_conflict Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gallipoli_Campaign Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Central_African_Republic_Civil_War_(2012–present) Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kosovo_War Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/14th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/34th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Korean_War Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/13th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/50th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/51st_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/1982_Lebanon_War Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Battle_of_Passchendaele Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/58th_Annual_Grammy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/66th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/70th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/War_of_the_Second_Coalition Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/27th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/International_Force_for_East_Timor Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/42nd_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/American_Civil_War Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/65th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/French_Revolution Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/84th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/63rd_Primetime_Emmy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/69th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Western_Desert_Campaign Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/72nd_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sierra_Leone_Civil_War Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/67th_Golden_Globe_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/28th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/41st_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Iran–Iraq_War Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/64th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/2011_military_intervention_in_Libya Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/68th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hundred_Years'_War Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/32nd_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Troubles Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/33rd_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Taliban_insurgency Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thirty_Years'_War Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peninsular_War Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/85th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/30th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/68th_Golden_Globe_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/39th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Battle_of_the_Somme Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Battles_of_the_Seven_Years'_War Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/80th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Six-Day_War Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Falklands_War Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/European_theatre_of_World_War_I Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/60th_Primetime_Emmy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/81st_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/31st_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Islamic_terrorism_in_Europe_(2014–present) Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kerrang!_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/29th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Invasion_of_Normandy Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Indo-Pakistani_War_of_1971 Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/54th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/16th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/40th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/65th_British_Academy_Film_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/César_Award Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arab_Spring Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/77th_Academy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Second_Sino-Japanese_War Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Unified_Task_Force Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/61st_Primetime_Emmy_Awards Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/War_in_Afghanistan_(2015–present) Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Annie_Award Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Operation_Serval Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/War_in_North-West_Pakistan Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/United_Nations_Operation_in_Somalia_II Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/2003_invasion_of_Iraq Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Operation_Ocean_Shield Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Academy_Award_for_Best_Foreign_Language_Film Event
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Polish_language Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/English_language Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/German_language Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hindi Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hebrew_language Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Serbian_language Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Latin Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Spanish_language Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yiddish Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Portuguese_language Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/French_language Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arabic Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kannada Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Afrikaans Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danish_language Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bulgarian_language Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Russian_language Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Turkish_language Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scots_language Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Malayalam Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dutch_language Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ukrainian_language Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hungarian_language Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Urdu Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Romanian_language Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Croatian_language Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sinhalese_language Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chinese_language Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Albanian_language Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Italian_language Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Filipino_language Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Welsh_language Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thai_language Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Serbo-Croatian Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Japanese_language Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Indonesian_language Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Norwegian_language Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Malay_language Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Greek_language Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Swedish_language Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Korean_language Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Finnish_language Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mandarin_Chinese Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Persian_language Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tamil_language Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/American_English Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Czech_language Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Swahili_language Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bengali_language Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Irish_language Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pashto Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gujarati_language Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Standard_Chinese Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marathi_language Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vietnamese_language Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Australian_English Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Khmer_language Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Telugu_language Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cantonese Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Canadian_English Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/European_theatre_of_World_War_II Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Great_War_(series) Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Settling_Accounts Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Apache_Wars Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bosnian_War Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Isfahan Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Australian_dollar Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/United_States_dollar Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Japanese_yen Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Indian_rupee Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Canadian_dollar Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Award Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Grammy_Award Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pulitzer_Prize_for_Drama Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Grammy_Lifetime_Achievement_Award Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Filmfare_Awards_South Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Latin_Grammy_Award Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Filmfare_Awards Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Primetime_Emmy_Award Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/World_Music_Awards Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carnegie_Medal_(literary_award) Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Independent_Spirit_Award_for_Best_Male_Lead Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/BAFTA_Fellowship Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Silver_Bear_for_Best_Actor Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gemini_Awards Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Writers_Guild_of_America_Award Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Directors_Guild_of_America_Award Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Emmy_Award Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu_State_Film_Awards Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Daytime_Emmy_Award Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gold_Medal_of_the_Royal_Astronomical_Society Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/NME_Awards Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/European_Film_Awards Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Independent_Spirit_Awards Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nobel_Prize_in_Literature Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Award_for_Best_Direction_of_a_Musical Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/National_Book_Award Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Royal_Medal Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ivor_Novello_Awards Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Academy_Award_for_Best_Cinematography Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Academy_Award_for_Best_Actor Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/APRA_Awards_(Australia) Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peabody_Award Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nebula_Award Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nobel_Peace_Prize Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Drama_Desk_Award Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Daytime_Emmy_Award_for_Outstanding_Younger_Actress_in_a_Drama_Series Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/David_di_Donatello Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Legion_of_Merit Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Venice_Film_Festival Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Edgar_Award Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Order_of_the_British_Empire Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Padma_Shri Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Academy_Awards Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/European_Film_Award_for_Best_Actress Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Laurence_Olivier_Award Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Donaldson_Awards Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/BAFTA_Award_for_Best_Film_Not_in_the_English_Language Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Empire_Award_for_Best_Actor Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Presidential_Medal_of_Freedom Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Independent_Spirit_Award_for_Best_Director Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/National_Film_Awards Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nastro_d'Argento Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Academy_Award_for_Best_Original_Screenplay Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nobel_Prize_in_Chemistry Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kerala_State_Film_Award Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/BAFTA_Award_for_Best_Film_Music Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Primetime_Emmy_Award_for_Outstanding_Comedy_Series Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Copley_Medal Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Golden_Lion Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Independent_Spirit_Award_for_Best_Female_Lead Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jean_Hersholt_Humanitarian_Award Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Academy_Award_for_Best_Supporting_Actress Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Juno_Award Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Japan_Academy_Prize_for_Director_of_the_Year Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Padma_Bhushan Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Palme_d'Or Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Booker_Prize Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Echo_Music_Prize Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Primetime_Emmy_Award_for_Outstanding_Drama_Series Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pulitzer_Prize_for_Poetry Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Praemium_Imperiale Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Daytime_Emmy_Award_for_Outstanding_Talk_Show_Host Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Heisman_Trophy Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Award_for_Best_Actor_in_a_Musical Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Prometheus_Award Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pulitzer_Prize_for_General_Nonfiction Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/MTV_Movie_Award_for_Best_Villain Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Medal_of_Honor Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Critics'_Circle_Theatre_Award Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Legion_of_Honour Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Primetime_Emmy_Award_for_Outstanding_Animated_Program Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pulitzer_Prize_for_Fiction Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Academy_Award_for_Best_Original_Score Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nobel_Prize_in_Physics Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Order_of_the_Garter Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nandi_Awards Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Golden_Globe_Award_for_Best_Original_Song Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Daytime_Emmy_Award_for_Outstanding_Lead_Actress_in_a_Drama_Series Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/National_Society_of_Film_Critics_Award_for_Best_Director Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Caldecott_Medal Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Newbery_Medal Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bronze_Star_Medal Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Purple_Heart Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Special_Tony_Award Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Padma_Vibhushan Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cannes_Film_Festival Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Award_for_Best_Actor_in_a_Play Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/IEEE_Edison_Medal Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Writers_Guild_of_America_Award_for_Best_Original_Screenplay Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Academy_Award_for_Best_Production_Design Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Grammy_Award_for_Best_Chamber_Music_Performance Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Golden_Bear Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/BAFTA_Award_for_Best_Editing Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Primetime_Emmy_Award_for_Outstanding_Supporting_Actor_in_a_Drama_Series Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Academy_Award_for_Best_Supporting_Actor Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Award_for_Best_Book_of_a_Musical Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Academy_Award_for_Best_Live_Action_Short_Film Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nobel_Prize_in_Physiology_or_Medicine Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Award_for_Best_Musical Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Primetime_Emmy_Award_for_Outstanding_Writing_for_a_Comedy_Series Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Academy_Award_for_Best_Original_Song Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/AIA_Gold_Medal Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/PEN/Faulkner_Award_for_Fiction Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_W._Campbell_Award_for_Best_New_Writer Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Order_of_the_Elephant Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_W._Campbell_Memorial_Award_for_Best_Science_Fiction_Novel Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Screen_Actors_Guild_Life_Achievement_Award Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Daytime_Emmy_Award_for_Outstanding_Game_Show_Host Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nobel_Memorial_Prize_in_Economic_Sciences Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hugo_Award_for_Best_Novel Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Silver_Star Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Screen_Actors_Guild_Award_for_Outstanding_Performance_by_a_Male_Actor_in_a_Supporting_Role Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/National_Board_of_Review_Award_for_Best_Director Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pulitzer_Prize_for_Biography_or_Autobiography Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eurovision_Song_Contest Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Astrid_Lindgren_Memorial_Award Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Primetime_Emmy_Award_for_Outstanding_Writing_for_a_Drama_Series Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/BAFTA_Award_for_Best_Actor_in_a_Leading_Role Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Primetime_Emmy_Award_for_Outstanding_Variety_Series Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/MTV_Movie_Award_for_Best_Kiss Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Royal_Gold_Medal Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Award_for_Best_Play Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/National_Society_of_Film_Critics_Award_for_Best_Supporting_Actor Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pulitzer_Prize_for_Music Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Academy_Award_for_Best_Costume_Design Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/BAFTA_Award_for_Best_Actor_in_a_Supporting_Role Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Grammy_Award_for_Best_Instrumental_Soloist(s)_Performance_(with_orchestra) Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hugo_Award_for_Best_Novella Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/BAFTA_Award_for_Best_Adapted_Screenplay Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Franklin_Medal Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Best_Director_Award_(Cannes_Film_Festival) Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Academy_Award_for_Best_Film_Editing Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Golden_Globe_Cecil_B._DeMille_Award Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Primetime_Emmy_Award_for_Outstanding_Supporting_Actress_in_a_Drama_Series Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tony_Award_for_Best_Original_Score Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/MacArthur_Fellows_Program Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Grammy_Award_for_Best_Musical_Theater_Album Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Guardian_Children's_Fiction_Prize Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Philip_K._Dick_Award Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Academy_Award_for_Best_Director Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Saturn_Award_for_Best_Director Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nebula_Award_for_Best_Novel Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Screen_Actors_Guild_Award_for_Outstanding_Performance_by_an_Ensemble_in_a_Comedy_Series Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Forms_of_government Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Namco Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sony_Pictures_Classics Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Magnolia_Pictures Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fox_Kids Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hollywood_Records Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eidos_Interactive Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rare_(company) Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Verve_Records Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Comedy_Central Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/DreamWorks_Animation Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/TNT_(TV_channel) Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Comedy_Central_Films Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/ESPN Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_Line_Cinema Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Artisan_Entertainment Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Columbia_Pictures Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fox_Searchlight_Pictures Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Universal_Motown_Republic_Group Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Disney_Interactive_Studios Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Amazon_Game_Studios Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chevrolet Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Telemundo Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Amblin_Entertainment Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/MTV Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sony_Pictures_Home_Entertainment Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Syfy Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Universal_Pictures_Home_Entertainment Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/American_Zoetrope Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/EA_Canada Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Atlus Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cartoon_Network_(Latin_America) Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Focus_Features Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gramercy_Pictures Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Samuel_Goldwyn_Company Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/VH1 Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Taito Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Blue_Note_Records Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sierra_Entertainment Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cumulus_Media_Networks Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Amazon_Books Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Time_Warner Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/2waytraffic Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gameloft Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/DVD Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Psygnosis Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/KYMX Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/USA_Network Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Project_Fi Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Spike_(TV_network) Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Time_Warner_Interactive Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Decca_Records Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bravo_(U.S._TV_network) Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scouting_in_California Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tribune_Media Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bandai Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Disneyland Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Houston_Aeros_(1994–2013) Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sonic_Team Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rockstar_Games Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/StudioCanal Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Club_Universidad_Nacional Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Activision Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Warner_Home_Video Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/EMI Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/MSNBC Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Warner_Bros._Animation Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Warner_Bros. Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/E! Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_WB Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/CNBC Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/IBM Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Showtime_(TV_network) Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Food_Network Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Screen_Gems Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/MTV2 Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lifetime_(TV_network) Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sony_Music Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Blizzard_Entertainment Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Houston_Texans Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Canal+ Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/PolyGram_Filmed_Entertainment Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Warner_Bros._Interactive_Entertainment Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/First_National_Pictures Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pixar Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/2K_Games Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/American_Broadcasting_Company Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cartoon_Network Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Working_Title_Films Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/CBS_Radio Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/European_Space_Agency Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paramount_Vantage Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_York_Giants Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/CBC_Television Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cash_Money_Records Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/TriStar_Pictures Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tower_of_London Thing
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/England_national_football_team Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Port_Vale_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cercle_Brugge_K.S.V. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sheffield_Wednesday_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Coventry_City_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lewes_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shrewsbury_Town_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Derby_County_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Huddersfield_Town_A.F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Borussia_Dortmund Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dagenham_&_Redbridge_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Darlington_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Millwall_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A.F.C._Telford_United Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charlton_Athletic_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eintracht_Frankfurt Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/United_States_men's_national_soccer_team Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/West_Bromwich_Albion_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hamilton_Academical_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Juventus_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tottenham_Hotspur_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Forest_Green_Rovers_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oldham_Athletic_A.F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Manchester_City_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ayr_United_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stoke_City_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Exeter_City_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Newcastle_United_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arsenal_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Birmingham_City_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wigan_Athletic_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sheffield_United_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yeovil_Town_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Barnet_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dundee_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brighton_&_Hove_Albion_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cardiff_City_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Altrincham_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Northampton_Town_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_England_Revolution Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brazil_national_football_team Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cambridge_United_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bristol_City_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Calcio_Catania Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/VfL_Wolfsburg Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/AEK_Athens_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Real_Madrid_C.F. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bolton_Wanderers_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cheltenham_Town_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Norwich_City_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Walsall_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hull_City_A.F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bradford_Park_Avenue_A.F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Farnborough_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Togo_national_football_team Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wolverhampton_Wanderers_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ternana_Calcio Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FC_Basel Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A.C._Milan Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hereford_United_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mansfield_Town_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stirling_Albion_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leicester_City_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leeds_United_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FC_Baku Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hartlepool_United_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Crawley_Town_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Reading_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Turun_Palloseura Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Crystal_Palace_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Inter_Milan Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Everton_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/F.C._Copenhagen Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dundee_United_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sunderland_A.F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/C.F._Monterrey Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Swansea_City_A.F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Barnsley_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Raith_Rovers_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leyton_Orient_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/RCD_Espanyol Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cruzeiro_Esporte_Clube Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roda_JC_Kerkrade Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A.S._Roma Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chelmsford_City_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sivasspor Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Crewe_Alexandra_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bury_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Royal_Antwerp_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brentford_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Toronto_FC Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/F.C._Crotone Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hapoel_Be'er_Sheva_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Queens_Park_Rangers_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Blackburn_Rovers_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kidderminster_Harriers_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rochester_Rhinos Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/ACF_Fiorentina Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ebbsfleet_United_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Motherwell_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Luton_Town_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Republican_Party_(United_States) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Plymouth_Argyle_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/R.S.C._Anderlecht Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Burton_Albion_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colorado_Rapids Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Heart_of_Midlothian_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Blackpool_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wycombe_Wanderers_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Notts_County_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colchester_United_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Udinese_Calcio Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Watford_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Olympique_Lyonnais Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/AS_Monaco_FC Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aberdeen_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Empoli_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Welling_United_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charleston_Battery Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chelsea_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FC_Lorient Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Calcio_Padova Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ipswich_Town_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/West_Ham_United_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FC_Nantes Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hibernian_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gateshead_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aston_Villa_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Portsmouth_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stade_Rennais_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tranmere_Rovers_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FC_Utrecht Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/AFC_Ajax Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shamrock_Rovers_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Celtic_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/AC_Arles-Avignon Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/South_Korea_national_under-20_football_team Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Galatasaray_S.K._(football) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Botafogo_de_Futebol_e_Regatas Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FC_Porto Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oxford_United_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Atalanta_B.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/South_Korea_national_football_team Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scunthorpe_United_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rotherham_United_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A.F.C._Bournemouth Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wales_national_football_team Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Partick_Thistle_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Preston_North_End_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fluminense_FC Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/G.D._Estoril_Praia Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wimbledon_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/PSV_Eindhoven Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aldershot_Town_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lincoln_City_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FC_Bayern_Munich_II Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bohemian_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Swindon_Town_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Liverpool_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wrexham_A.F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Southampton_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Grays_Athletic_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/De_Graafschap Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Woking_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/St_Johnstone_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Doncaster_Rovers_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Macclesfield_Town_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/D.C._United Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hellas_Verona_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/VfL_Bochum Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Southend_United_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sport_Club_Internacional Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peterborough_United_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chicago_Fire_Soccer_Club Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rochdale_A.F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Delfino_Pescara_1936 Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Villarreal_CF Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Canada_men's_national_soccer_team Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Olympiakos_Nicosia Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gillingham_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sydney_FC Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Italy_national_football_team Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bologna_F.C._1909 Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Inverness_Caledonian_Thistle_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Middlesbrough_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stockport_County_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/France_national_football_team Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/1._FC_Nürnberg Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kettering_Town_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frosinone_Calcio Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Milton_Keynes_Dons_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Urawa_Red_Diamonds Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/S.B.V._Excelsior Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Real_Madrid_Castilla Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stevenage_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Montreal_Impact Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sparta_Rotterdam Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Seattle_Sounders_FC Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FC_Krylia_Sovetov_Samara Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Boston_United_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Puebla_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chester_City_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Houston_Dynamo Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Portland_Timbers Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A.S._Livorno_Calcio Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Clube_de_Regatas_do_Flamengo Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Persepolis_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/BSC_Young_Boys Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Racing_de_Santander Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eastleigh_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gaziantepspor Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brisbane_Roar_FC Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nottingham_Forest_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Northern_Ireland_national_football_team Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cleveland_Browns Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/PFC_CSKA_Moscow Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/CR_Vasco_da_Gama Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tamworth_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bradford_City_A.F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/F.C._Bari_1908 Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Al-Gharafa_Sports_Club Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Worcester_City_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/SC_Bastia Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FC_Groningen Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sierra_Leone_national_football_team Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/CFR_Cluj Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Manchester_United_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Feyenoord Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vejle_Boldklub Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A.C._ChievoVerona Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/PFC_CSKA_Sofia Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/SpVgg_Unterhaching Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chesterfield_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Olympique_de_Marseille Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Santos_FC Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/OFI_Crete_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/APOEL_FC Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Al-Hilal_FC Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Japan_national_football_team Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arizona_Coyotes Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Algeria_national_football_team Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Torquay_United_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colo-Colo Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/AEK_Larnaca_FC Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Genoa_C.F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/El_Salvador_national_football_team Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Republic_of_Ireland_national_football_team Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/SV_Waldhof_Mannheim Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FC_Girondins_de_Bordeaux Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sporting_Clube_de_Portugal Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Netherlands_national_football_team Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/S.S._Lazio Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nea_Kavala_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/RC_Lens Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paris_Saint-Germain_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Falkirk_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bristol_Rovers_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/SC_Freiburg Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/San_Jose_Earthquakes Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_British_Columbia Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Morocco_national_football_team Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neftçi_PFK Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Esbjerg_fB Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dover_Athletic_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Burnley_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FC_Dallas Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Halesowen_Town_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Denmark_national_football_team Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/South_Korea_national_under-23_football_team Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FC_Barcelona Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harrogate_Town_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Club_Universidad_de_Chile Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A.C._Perugia_Calcio Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/U.C._Sampdoria Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wellington_Phoenix_FC Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/AIK_Fotboll Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Barrow_A.F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/AFC_Wimbledon Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/SBV_Vitesse Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Northwich_Victoria_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kickers_Offenbach Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FK_Vojvodina Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/C.F._Os_Belenenses Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Modena_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hannover_96 Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/York_City_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Valencia_CF Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Philadelphia_76ers Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Panionios_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/F.C._Hansa_Rostock Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kalmar_FF Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Olympiacos_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Boca_Juniors Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/SV_Darmstadt_98 Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Perth_Glory_FC Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/RC_Strasbourg_Alsace Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/S.L._Benfica Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FC_Twente Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FC_Dynamo_Moscow Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Australia_national_soccer_team Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_York_Red_Bulls Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Red_Star_Belgrade Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Manager_(association_football) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/LA_Galaxy Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/AJ_Auxerre Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fulham_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Estudiantes_de_La_Plata Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/F.C._Ashdod Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A.C._Cesena Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Club_Brugge_KV Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tiburones_Rojos_de_Veracruz Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/SC_Heerenveen Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Torino_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brescia_Calcio Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rayo_Vallecano Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Maccabi_Haifa_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Clyde_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/K.R.C._Genk Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/RCD_Mallorca Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Maryland,_College_Park Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bharatiya_Janata_Party Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Democratic_Party_(United_States) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FSV_Frankfurt Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/AZ_Alkmaar Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/U.S._Sassuolo_Calcio Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Whig_Party_(United_States) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FC_Spartak_Vladikavkaz Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Spezia_Calcio Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Beitar_Jerusalem_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Southern_Methodist_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Celta_de_Vigo Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shelbourne_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ecuador_national_football_team Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FC_Bayern_Munich Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Le_Mans_FC Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FC_Sion Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/NAC_Breda Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/AS_Nancy Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sangju_Sangmu_FC Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cagliari_Calcio Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Levante_UD Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ittihad_FC Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Philadelphia_Union Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Real_Betis Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shanghai_Greenland_Shenhua_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bayer_04_Leverkusen Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Le_Havre_AC Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hertha_BSC Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eastbourne_Borough_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Real_Salt_Lake Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Argentina_national_football_team Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Spain_national_football_team Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Club_Atlas Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/HNK_Hajduk_Split Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Suwon_Samsung_Bluewings Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Kansas Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/UD_Las_Palmas Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_California,_Los_Angeles Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FC_Zenit_Saint_Petersburg Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Incheon_United_FC Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arminia_Bielefeld Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/AGOVV_Apeldoorn Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chiapas_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adelaide_United_FC Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/VfB_Stuttgart Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danubio_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anorthosis_Famagusta_FC Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Real_Valladolid Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Guyana_national_football_team Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Belgium_national_football_team Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chivas_USA Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Greece_national_football_team Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fort_Lauderdale_Strikers Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ulsan_Hyundai_FC Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Club_Nacional_de_Football Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Forfar_Athletic_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Puerto_Rico_Islanders Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/AC_Omonia Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Israel_national_football_team Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Detroit_Pistons Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hednesford_Town_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colombia_national_football_team Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Virginia Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/African_National_Congress Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Miami_Heat Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hapoel_Tel_Aviv_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Boston_Celtics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sporting_Kansas_City Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stade_Malherbe_Caen Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Newell's_Old_Boys Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thailand_national_football_team Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/K.A.A._Gent Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Karlsruher_SC Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FC_Lugano Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/PFC_Lokomotiv_Sofia Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Seongnam_FC Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/U.S._Cremonese Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sacramento_Kings Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Odense_Boldklub Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gil_Vicente_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/CS_Sedan_Ardennes Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jamaica_national_football_team Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dynamo_Dresden Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rosenborg_BK Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Panathinaikos_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Florida_Panthers Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Montserrat_national_football_team Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Randers_FC Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FC_Energie_Cottbus Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/AC_Bellinzona Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/PFC_Levski_Sofia Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Valenciennes_FC Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Argentinos_Juniors Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_Zealand_national_football_team Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/PFC_Botev_Plovdiv Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FC_Spartak_Moscow Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/PAS_Giannina_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FC_Vaduz Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Al-Arabi_SC_(Qatar) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shimizu_S-Pulse Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Helsingborgs_IF Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aalesunds_FK Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Molde_FK Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sydney_Olympic_FC Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/San_Antonio_Spurs Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/LASK_Linz Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bulgaria_national_football_team Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kayserispor Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vicenza_Calcio Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Austria_national_football_team Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lierse_S.K. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/MSV_Duisburg_II Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/CA_Osasuna Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Seattle_Mariners Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FC_Barcelona_B Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FC_Istres Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Grenada_national_football_team Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Raja_Casablanca Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FC_Schaffhausen Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cruz_Azul Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Konyaspor Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/SSV_Jahn_Regensburg Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/GNK_Dinamo_Zagreb Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FC_St._Gallen Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stuttgarter_Kickers Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shandong_Luneng_Taishan_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Monarcas_Morelia Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FC_Torpedo_Moscow Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Liberty_Professionals_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/California_State_University,_Fullerton Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Deportivo_Toluca_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/SK_Slavia_Prague Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Seattle_SuperSonics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Viborg_FF Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FC_Seoul Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Grenoble_Foot_38 Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Denver_Nuggets Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Houston_Rockets Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Silkeborg_IF Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Willem_II_(football_club) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hapoel_Haifa_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Enosis_Neon_Paralimni_FC Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chile_national_football_team Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Iran_national_football_team Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charlotte_Hornets Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_the_Witwatersrand Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brooklyn_Nets Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FC_Dynamo_Kyiv Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alemannia_Aachen Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Evian_Thonon_Gaillard_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Club_de_Gimnasia_y_Esgrima_La_Plata Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fredrikstad_FK Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nagoya_Grampus Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FC_Rubin_Kazan Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alianza_Lima Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Iraq_national_football_team Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FC_Red_Bull_Salzburg Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chicago_Bulls Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Athletic_Bilbao Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/S.C._Olhanense Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Atromitos_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rot-Weiss_Essen Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FC_Thun Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Melbourne_Victory_FC Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FC_Augsburg Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Conservative_Party_(UK) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Atlanta_Falcons Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/San_Diego_Padres Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Federalist_Party Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_Orleans_Pelicans Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/PFC_Beroe_Stara_Zagora Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Ghana Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cleveland_Cavaliers Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nazi_Party Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/California_State_University,_Los_Angeles Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FC_Aarau Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Legia_Warsaw Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_York_Yankees Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Portmore_United_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Syrianska_FC Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Florida Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Washington_Wizards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FC_Chornomorets_Odesa Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ethnikos_Piraeus_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Armenia_national_football_team Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Atlanta_Silverbacks Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/AC_Sparta_Prague Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FC_Metalurh_Zaporizhya Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/1._FC_Union_Berlin Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/SD_Eibar Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fairleigh_Dickinson_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FC_Metz Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/IF_Elfsborg Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Royal_Navy Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Indian_National_Congress Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/PFC_Litex_Lovech Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Phoenix_Suns Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Edmonton_Oilers Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dallas_Mavericks Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Guangzhou_Evergrande_Taobao_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Los_Angeles_Clippers Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/SuperSport_United_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Busan_IPark Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_York_Knicks Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/RB_Leipzig Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Long_Island_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/SK_Brann Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Portland Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ismaily_SC Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Golden_State_Warriors Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Los_Angeles_Lakers Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/San_Jose_Sharks Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/U.D._Leiria Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Mason_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Farsley_Celtic_A.F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kenya_national_football_team Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mexico_national_football_team Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Boston_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FC_Dnipro_Dnipropetrovsk Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Milwaukee_Bucks Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/San_Diego_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Minnesota_Timberwolves Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Boston_Red_Sox Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anaheim_Ducks Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tennis_Borussia_Berlin Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Libertarian_Party_(United_States) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Indiana_Pacers Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Club_Tijuana Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Minnesota_Vikings Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Atlanta_Thrashers Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_York_Mets Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pohang_Steelers Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oakland_Athletics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Liberal_Party_(UK) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fordham_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Swope_Park_Rangers Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Club_Olimpia Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scottish_National_Party Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Orlando_Pirates Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Minnesota_Wild Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/C.D._Guadalajara Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Texas_Rangers_(baseball) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Philadelphia_Flyers Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FC_Midtjylland Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gold_Coast_United_FC Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Alberta Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Nottingham Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aberystwyth_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Liberal_Party_of_Canada Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Clemson_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Toronto_Blue_Jays Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_York_Jets Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Atlanta_Hawks Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Williams_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Orlando_Magic Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/UCLA_Bruins_men's_basketball Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Los_Angeles_Dodgers Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/California_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ontario_Liberal_Party Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FC_Illichivets_Mariupol Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ottawa_Senators Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_South_Florida Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_England_Patriots Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Memphis_Grizzlies Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/KF_Tirana Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Green_Bay_Packers Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Virginia_Commonwealth_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Liberal_Democrats_(UK) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Conservative_Party_of_Canada Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pasadena_City_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_California,_Berkeley Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sandefjord_Fotball Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/St._John's_University_(New_York_City) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kaizer_Chiefs_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Akron Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brown_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/St._Louis_Blues Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oregon_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/San_Francisco_Giants Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FC_Vorskla_Poltava Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alianza_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FC_Pyunik Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Backbone_Entertainment Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Morehouse_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Motherland_(2010_film) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Iowa Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carolina_Panthers Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lower_Austria Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/12th_Satellite_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Delaware_River Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/38th_Annual_Grammy_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cooper_Union Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Union_Theological_Seminary_(New_York_City) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cessna Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rapid_City,_South_Dakota Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Thomas_&_Friends Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Box_Elder_County,_Utah Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Newburyport,_Massachusetts Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Atlantic_City,_New_Jersey Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Winnipeg_Jets Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Horace_Mann_School Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Multi-National_Force_–_Iraq Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Koch_Entertainment Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roxbury,_Boston Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colby_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/TV_Asahi Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Nairobi Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Banaras_Hindu_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Medina Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aroostook_County,_Maine Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Baldwin_County,_Alabama Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Downing_College,_Cambridge Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pittsburgh_Pirates Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Manipur Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Western_Ontario Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hammer_Film_Productions Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Defence_Export_Promotion_Organization Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Goethe_University_Frankfurt Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Swarthmore_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Monte_Carlo Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Toronto_Argonauts Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/American_Hockey_League Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/1980_Summer_Olympics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Big_Bang_Theory Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Perak Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brompton_Cemetery Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Macquarie_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Virginia_School_of_Law Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Coronation_Street Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Toulouse Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Metal_Blade_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Oxford Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Seven_Network Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/March_of_the_Penguins Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FareShare Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arizona_State_Sun_Devils_football Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Borj_Cédria,_Tunisia Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Il_Divo_(film) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/PopCap_Games Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Western_Australia Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adobe_Systems Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_College_Dublin Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charlestown,_Boston Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Munhwa_Broadcasting_Corporation Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yomiuri_Giants Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oakville,_Ontario Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/54th_Primetime_Emmy_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fine_Gael Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Emerson_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Myrtle_Beach,_South_Carolina Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Columbia_University_Graduate_School_of_Journalism Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pittsburgh_Steelers Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Herkimer_County,_New_York Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aude Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Basra Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Baltimore_metropolitan_area Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Royal_Conservatoire_of_Scotland Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Detroit_Red_Wings Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Professional_Children's_School Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Daytona_Beach,_Florida Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Casper,_Wyoming Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/United_States_Military_Academy Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/YTV_(TV_channel) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Keiretsu_Forum Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Street_Fighter_II_V Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ipswich,_Queensland Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Florence,_Alabama Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Boston_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/E._W._Scripps_Company Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Empire_State_Building Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/French_Army Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/San_Francisco_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Exeter Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Occidental_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/ECW_on_TNN Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/UEFA Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yeshiva_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_Orleans_Saints Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pennsylvania_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/École_Libre_des_Sciences_Politiques Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Armstrong_County,_Pennsylvania Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/South_Tyrol Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Hartford Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/60th_Golden_Globe_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Louisiana_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Johor Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/55th_Golden_Globe_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_California,_Santa_Barbara Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/California_State_University,_Long_Beach Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Illinois_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Guelph Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lady_Margaret_Hall,_Oxford Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Concordia_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Michigan Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Suffolk_University_Law_School Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Makerere_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/1964_Winter_Olympics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oberlin_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Miami_Marlins Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Padua Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Bronx_High_School_of_Science Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Columbus_Blue_Jackets Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/59th_Berlin_International_Film_Festival Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gyeonggi_Province Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rancho_Mirage,_California Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Northern_Arizona_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rockhampton Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/13th_Satellite_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Knox_College_(Illinois) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roadrunner_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gila_County,_Arizona Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jefferson_County,_New_York Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adelphi_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Victoria_University_of_Wellington Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Duke_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bloomfield_Hills,_Michigan Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Boondocks_(TV_series) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/SOAS,_University_of_London Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Pennsylvania_Law_School Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Louisville Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Trinity_College,_Dublin Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nebraska_Cornhuskers_football Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Western_North_Carolina Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/San_Francisco_49ers Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Montgomery_County,_New_York Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Downfall_(2004_film) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/6th_Screen_Actors_Guild_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Haute-Savoie Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bridgeport_Sound_Tigers Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pony_Canyon Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Indiana_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/California_Polytechnic_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kansas_City_Chiefs Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Navajo_County,_Arizona Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Royal_Canadian_Air_Force Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/50th_Annual_Grammy_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Royal_Academy_of_Dramatic_Art Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/TCU_Horned_Frogs_football Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Endemol Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Target_Corporation Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Holyoke,_Massachusetts Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Italia_Conti_Academy_of_Theatre_Arts Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fort_Smith,_Arkansas Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/St_George's_Chapel,_Windsor_Castle Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Square_(company) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bradenton,_Florida Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Amherst_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hunter_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cass_County,_Nebraska Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matador_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Oklahoma Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Future_Interstate_Highways Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Minnesota_Law_School Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kellogg_School_of_Management Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bali Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rochester,_Minnesota Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Valve_Corporation Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Airports_Authority_of_India Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Champagne-Ardenne Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Keble_College,_Oxford Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kandy Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/SNK Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Durham_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Slaughterhouse-Five_(film) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/England_cricket_team Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jharkhand Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brunel_University_London Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pushing_Daisies Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Napalm_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kyoto_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Appalachian_Mountains Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Great_Lakes_Megalopolis Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Starter_Wife_(miniseries) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/County_Mayo Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Saint_Petersburg_Conservatory Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nintendo_Entertainment_Analysis_&_Development Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Love_of_Life Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Constantin_Film Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Dayton Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Furman_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ubisoft Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ludwig_Maximilian_University_of_Munich Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kent_County,_Delaware Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Microsoft_Studios Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/1994_Winter_Olympics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Winchester_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Edinburgh Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Marburg Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Televisa Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Trentino Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bryn_Mawr_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Origin_Systems Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alpes-Maritimes Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Genentech Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_Adams_(miniseries) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Trinity_College_(Connecticut) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/National_University_of_Singapore Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Maryland_Terrapins_football Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Encino,_Los_Angeles Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Denver_Broncos Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Washington Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/UK_Film_Council Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tecmo Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cochise_County,_Arizona Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Okanogan_County,_Washington Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harvard_Medical_School Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/City_College_of_New_York Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/1928_Summer_Olympics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/K_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chicago_Bears Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Moline,_Illinois Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Royal_Academy_of_Music Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lexington,_Massachusetts Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vicksburg,_Mississippi Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Somerville,_Massachusetts Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Korean_Broadcasting_System Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Jena Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Decatur,_Alabama Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bad_Cannstatt Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Somerset_County,_New_Jersey Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Dundee Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brigham_Young_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Communist_Party_of_India_(Marxist) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Boston_Latin_School Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election,_2008 Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/American_Masters Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Texas_Southern_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/1960_Summer_Olympics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Monk_(TV_series) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mills_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leiden_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Middle_Tennessee_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/King_Records_(United_States) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Westminster Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kozhikode Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/HAL_Laboratory Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_San_Francisco Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Duke_Blue_Devils_men's_basketball Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Matanuska-Susitna_Borough,_Alaska Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Victory_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Mississippi Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tin_Man_(miniseries) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aligarh_Muslim_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/1920_Summer_Olympics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/United_National_Party Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/North_Carolina_Tar_Heels_men's_basketball Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Emory_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wichita_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adult_Swim Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Naismith_Memorial_Basketball_Hall_of_Fame Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/51st_Annual_Grammy_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Ibadan Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bank_of_America Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Franklin_County,_Pennsylvania Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_at_Albany,_SUNY Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Santa_Clara_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/National_Park_Service Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/DePauw_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Niigata_Prefecture Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/34th_Berlin_International_Film_Festival Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Walt_Disney_Studios_Motion_Pictures Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Samuel_Goldwyn_Films Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Juilliard_School Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Basel Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Indiana_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cinderella_(1950_film) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yale_Law_School Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cecil_County,_Maryland Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Markham,_Ontario Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Universal_Records_(defunct_record_label) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/World_Golf_Hall_of_Fame Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/State_University_of_New_York_at_Purchase Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Delta_Air_Lines Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/St_Edmund_Hall,_Oxford Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vancouver_Island Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Grammy_Award_for_Best_Country_Collaboration_with_Vocals Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Chicago Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Claremont_Graduate_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Portland_Pirates Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Haut-Rhin Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gironde Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Otsego_County,_New_York Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Royal_Military_Academy,_Woolwich Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/61st_Berlin_International_Film_Festival Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Serie_A Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Grove_Street_Cemetery Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carroll_County,_New_Hampshire Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richmond,_British_Columbia Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Tokyo Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dallas_Theological_Seminary Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Outer_Limits_(1995_TV_series) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dickinson_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brotherhood_of_the_Wolf Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cairo_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Philippopolis_(Thracia) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chelsea_College_of_Arts Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Portland_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pocatello,_Idaho Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/1896_Summer_Olympics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Butte,_Montana Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/North_Carolina_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tampa_Bay_Buccaneers Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Epic_Soundtrax Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/We_Have_a_Pope_(film) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alliance_Films Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/3rd_Rock_from_the_Sun Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Idaho Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/MGM_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hamam_al-Alil Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stuyvesant_High_School Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Saint_Mary's_College_of_California Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/2012_Summer_Olympics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Star_Plus Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/16th_Screen_Actors_Guild_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Will_&_Grace Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lake_Michigan Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Government_College_University_(Lahore) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chicago_Blackhawks Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_North_Dakota Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chrysler Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Koria Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/English_Channel Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pacific_Palisades,_Los_Angeles Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/63rd_Golden_Globe_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/39th_Daytime_Emmy_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Calcutta Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Hamburg Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Biggest_Loser_(U.S._TV_series) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dallas_Cowboys Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Warwick,_Rhode_Island Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Royal_College,_Colombo Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/School_of_the_Art_Institute_of_Chicago Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lake_Superior Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Disney's_House_of_Mouse Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oshawa Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Santa_Monica_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aleppo Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Flathead_County,_Montana Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Northeastern_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Heidelberg_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/United_States_Department_of_State Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Skidmore_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tazewell_County,_Illinois Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kent_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Columbia_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nine_Network Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stanford_Law_School Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Glasnevin_Cemetery Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Communist_Party_USA Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Central_Intelligence_Agency Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pittsburgh_metropolitan_area Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/2012_Toronto_International_Film_Festival Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ridgewood,_New_Jersey Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Merge_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_New_York_Times_Company Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ontario_New_Democratic_Party Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Royal_College_of_Music Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Attack_the_Block Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Coburg Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Internment_of_Japanese_Americans Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mount_Holyoke_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peterhouse,_Cambridge Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/California_College_of_the_Arts Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Midway_Games Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Goddard_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Himalayas Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/North_Norfolk Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Barrie Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/56th_Primetime_Emmy_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Napa_County,_California Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Entertainment_Tonight Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tablighi_Jamaat Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bucknell_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/505_Games Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Komiks_(TV_series) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nagasaki Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/United_States_Forest_Service Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fremont_County,_Wyoming Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/League_of_Nations Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Goa Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jefferson_Parish,_Louisiana Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Icon_Productions Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Baylor_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Acadia_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Irem Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/SkyTeam Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tokyo_Yakult_Swallows Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/National_School_of_Drama Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Port_Huron,_Michigan Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Northern_Colorado Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Madras Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Atari Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/NASA Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Good,_the_Bad,_the_Weird Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/24_(TV_series) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/DeWitt_Clinton_High_School Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Somme_(department) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Strathclyde Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Montana Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hollywood_Forever_Cemetery Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/2002_Winter_Olympics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tisch_School_of_the_Arts Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Denison_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/14th_Screen_Actors_Guild_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jacksonville_Jaguars Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Calabria Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Australian_Labor_Party Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pueblo,_Colorado Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rugby_School Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/11th_Satellite_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Museum_of_Modern_Art Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brandon,_Manitoba Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Philadelphia_Eagles Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Birkbeck,_University_of_London Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Seventh-day_Adventist_Church Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bayreuth Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fitzwilliam_College,_Cambridge Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Danube Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/HP_Inc. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fuji_Television Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Indianapolis_Colts Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lake_District Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/One_Tree_Hill_(TV_series) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Amazing_Race_(U.S._TV_series) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/National_Institute_of_Dramatic_Art Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Berlin_International_Film_Festival Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Seine-et-Marne Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Walt_Disney_Studios_Home_Entertainment Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/National_Women's_Hall_of_Fame Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/28th_Golden_Globe_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/East_Carolina_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Enix Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tulane_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_California,_Hastings_College_of_the_Law Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Calvin_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nagano_Prefecture Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Spelman_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tuskegee_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Franklin_County,_Massachusetts Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dark_Horse_Comics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vanderbilt_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Inside_Deep_Throat Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/United_States_Department_of_the_Air_Force Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Free_University_of_Berlin Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_South_Dakota Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mud_Lake_(California) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/LSU_Tigers_football Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Good_Morning_America Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lancaster_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Asian_Development_Bank Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Baraka_(film) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hidalgo_County,_Texas Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/2009_Sundance_Film_Festival Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Georgia_Tech_Yellow_Jackets_football Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/United_States_Naval_Academy Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_College_London Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Warner_Bros._Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Nevada,_Las_Vegas Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Birmingham Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/San_Diego_State_Aztecs_football Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Africanews Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/San_Angelo,_Texas Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/McHenry_County,_Illinois Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Minden,_Louisiana Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ohio_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Columbia_College_Chicago Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Springfield_Falcons Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bennington_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Central_Saint_Martins Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/PIAS_Recordings Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/National_Gallery Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Salavat_Yulaev_Ufa Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Virginia_Tech Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Palm_Beach,_Florida Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Montclair_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Liberal_Party_(Philippines) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Odeon_of_Philippopolis Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chicago_White_Sox Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Buenos_Aires Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gettysburg_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/TLC_(TV_network) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Internal_Revenue_Service Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Missouri_Tigers_football Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Columbia_Business_School Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brazoria_County,_Texas Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Capcom Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sugar_Hill_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Midland,_Michigan Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Houston_Astros Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Warsaw Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/BBC_One Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fat_Wreck_Chords Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sanctuary_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Greater_Houston Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ragin'_Cajuns_(TV_series) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Northern_Illinois_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/EMI_Music_Japan Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Big_Love Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Shield Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bureau_of_Land_Management Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stax_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/West_Virginia_Mountaineers_football Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Louisiana_at_Lafayette Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nuclear_Blast Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Queen's_College,_Oxford Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harvard_Divinity_School Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pennine_Alps Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bethesda_Softworks Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sherbrooke Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kingston_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Calvados_(department) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/2009_World_Championships_in_Athletics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cincinnati_Reds Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pinal_County,_Arizona Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fontana_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Old_Dominion_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oklahoma_City_Barons Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Manchester Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Labour_Party_(Norway) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_New_Mexico Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/City_University_of_New_York Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Paris Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Oslo Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Queensland Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eastman_School_of_Music Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Skagit_County,_Washington Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Relapse_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bertelsmann_Music_Group Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eagle_County,_Colorado Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/CITV Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Grant_County,_Washington Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Walt_Disney_Imagineering Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Island_Def_Jam_Music_Group Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Glos Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Miami Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Toledo Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Holocaust Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tooth_&_Nail_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christian_Democratic_Union_of_Germany Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gannett_Company Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Washington_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Royal_Society Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vagrant_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fukushima_Prefecture Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roadside_Attractions Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Illinois_at_Chicago Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Windsor_County,_Vermont Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Evansville,_Indiana Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/UCLA_Bruins_football Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/1998_Winter_Olympics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kill_Rock_Stars Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Paranormal_Activity Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Das_Boot Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Macalester_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bates_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dordogne Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sussex_County,_Delaware Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nichols_Latin_School Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tillamook_County,_Oregon Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ball_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Philadelphia_Phillies Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carnegie_Mellon_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eastern_Kentucky_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sympathy_for_the_Record_Industry Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Northwestern_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carleton_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/North_Dakota_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michigan_State_Spartans_football Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/1976_Summer_Olympics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hewlett-Packard Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sandoval_County,_New_Mexico Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Grassroots_Campaigns,_Inc. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Clark_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_New_School Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Alabama Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Providence_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Simon_Fraser_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/California_Institute_of_Technology Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tabriz Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stargate_Atlantis Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sarah_Lawrence_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/1956_Summer_Olympics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lake_County,_Florida Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/National_Gallery_of_Art Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pfizer Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/1988_Summer_Olympics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/SST_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/California_Institute_of_the_Arts Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/TV5_Media_Center Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_World_Pictures Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Vienna Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Appalachian_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Caesars_Entertainment_Corporation Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Tartu Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/West_Dorset Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wikimedia_Foundation Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harvard_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Swan_Hunter Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Florida_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Waseda_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Camberwell_College_of_Arts Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/ECW_Hardcore_TV Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arapahoe_County,_Colorado Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Columbia_Law_School Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Appian_Way_Productions Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mashhad Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Leicester Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Search_for_Tomorrow Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Creighton_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Montmartre_Cemetery Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Acclaim_Entertainment Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carleton_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Louisville_metropolitan_area Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/1972_Summer_Olympics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/North_Carolina_Tar_Heels_football Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scientology Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kosi_Zone Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Grinnell_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_York_University_School_of_Law Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Russian_Orthodox_Church Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Auckland Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Good_Wife Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wesleyan_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Screen_Actors_Guild_Award_for_Outstanding_Performance_by_a_Stunt_Ensemble_in_a_Motion_Picture Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Waltz_with_Bashir Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Salvador,_Bahia Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Taliban Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yale_School_of_Drama Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/International_Cricket_Council Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rounder_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Connecticut_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ulster_Unionist_Party Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Manhattan_School_of_Music Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/2010_Toronto_International_Film_Festival Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Equal_Vision_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Washington_County,_Pennsylvania Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Association_of_American_Universities Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tennessee_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Surreal_Life Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Top_Chef Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Washington_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/49th_Annual_Grammy_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Richmond Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Helsinki Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Sydney Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/9th_Golden_Satellite_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nantucket,_Massachusetts Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carolina_Hurricanes Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Catholic_University_of_America Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Adirondack_Mountains Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/14th_Satellite_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Boston_Bruins Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sapienza_University_of_Rome Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_End_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wellesley_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/2007_NFL_Draft Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Butler_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Detroit_Mercy Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kensal_Green_Cemetery Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/KLM Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arizona_Diamondbacks Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ghent_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Electric_Daisy_Carnival Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/2011_Sundance_Film_Festival Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sub_Pop Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Montana_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hamilton_Tiger-Cats Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Detroit_Lions Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/2012_Sundance_Film_Festival Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Queensland_University_of_Technology Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Erasmus_Hall_High_School Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Southampton Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Petaluma,_California Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/15th_Screen_Actors_Guild_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Saint_Joseph's_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Utah_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Imperial_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/46th_Annual_Grammy_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fukuoka_SoftBank_Hawks Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wehrmacht Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Colorado_Boulder Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/3D_Realms Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Florida_Atlantic_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Morgan_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Assam Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sirius_Satellite_Radio Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Somerset_County,_Pennsylvania Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Holy_Cross_Cemetery,_Culver_City Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Princeton_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Abruzzo Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hollywood_Squares Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nye_County,_Nevada Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rose_Bowl_Game Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aarhus Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yale_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rawalpindi Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Elko_County,_Nevada Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cagney_&_Lacey Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ahmedabad Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pemberwick,_Connecticut Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Animals. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/1972_Winter_Olympics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/American_Academy_of_Dramatic_Arts Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sandusky,_Ohio Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pakistan_Peoples_Party Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/WDF_Europe_Cup Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bowdoin_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jackson,_Tennessee Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Konami Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tel_Aviv_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Kentucky Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Host_(2006_film) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/15th_Satellite_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Australian_National_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/10th_Screen_Actors_Guild_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/School_of_Foreign_Service Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/California_State_University,_Northridge Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/California_Golden_Bears_football Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Food_TV Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Orix_Buffaloes Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lookout_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Auburn_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cincinnati_Bearcats_football Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Today_(U.S._TV_program) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nelson,_New_Zealand Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yahoo! Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Citadel,_The_Military_College_of_South_Carolina Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Auburn_Tigers_football Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Texas_Instruments Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/2008_Summer_Olympics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Freiburg Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/1904_Summer_Olympics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chandler,_Arizona Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Haverford_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/2010_Winter_Olympics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/EastEnders Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Liberty_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Centre_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Middlebury_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lockheed_Martin Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oklahoma_City_Thunder Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/BC_Lions Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bas-Rhin Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hiroshima_Toyo_Carp Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Inner_Hebrides Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Keio_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Livingston_County,_New_York Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Word_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Village_Roadshow_Pictures Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gadsden,_Alabama Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/In_Your_House Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Atlanta_Braves Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Weeds_(TV_series) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tampa_Bay_Rays Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Albany_Law_School Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/American_International_Pictures Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Let_the_Right_One_In_(film) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/California_State_University,_Fresno Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mobile_Suit_Gundam_SEED Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kenai_Peninsula_Borough,_Alaska Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gonzaga_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Starbucks Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brooklyn_Law_School Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Klamath_County,_Oregon Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oral_Roberts_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bewitched Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Salisbury,_Maryland Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nikon Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Royal_Australian_Navy Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Messina Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Beggars_Banquet_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Illinois_Institute_of_Technology Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Indiana_University_of_Pennsylvania Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Viet_Cong Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yvelines Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Waterloo Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/King's_College_London Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Penguins_of_Madagascar Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/7th_Critics'_Choice_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pollard_Memorial_Library Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/1948_Summer_Olympics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/That_'70s_Show Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mercer_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stockholm_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/1992_Summer_Olympics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carnegie_Mellon_College_of_Engineering Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/York_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pomona_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Imperial_College_London Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Earlham_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pompano_Beach,_Florida Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/58th_Berlin_International_Film_Festival Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eastern_Illinois_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_York_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Amtrak Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/2008_Toronto_International_Film_Festival Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Province_of_Salerno Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Curb_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dancing_with_the_Stars_(U.S._TV_series) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Drenthe Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Addis_Ababa Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Selma,_Alabama Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Interactive_Advertising_Bureau Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Royal_Holloway,_University_of_London Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Darjeeling Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Buffalo_Bills Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pontifical_Gregorian_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/West_Indies_cricket_team Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/2003_NBA_draft Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/2006_NBA_draft Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Spinefarm_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Towson_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/CBS_Schoolbreak_Special Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nord_(French_department) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Heartbeats_(film) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pratt_Institute Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leipzig_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marriott_International Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_Bedford,_Massachusetts Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Standing_in_the_Shadows_of_Motown Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Edge_of_Night Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Toronto_Maple_Leafs Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/39th_Berlin_International_Film_Festival Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_New_Orleans Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Victoria Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_the_Pacific_(United_States) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tsinghua_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Wyoming Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marley_(film) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/1924_Summer_Olympics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/San_Jose_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Western_Kentucky_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Calgary_Stampeders Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Florence,_South_Carolina Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/School_of_American_Ballet Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ridgefield,_Connecticut Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_California,_San_Diego Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Allegany_County,_New_York Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vancouver_Canucks Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wagga_Wagga Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aspyr Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chrysalis_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Portland_Trail_Blazers Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Laredo,_Texas Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Calgary Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Ottawa Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hampton_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Morgan_Stanley Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Bucharest Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/McNeese_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Park_County,_Wyoming Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Kiel Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Drake_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Into_the_West_(miniseries) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Disney_Junior_(Latin_America) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_Hampshire's_1st_congressional_district Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kokomo,_Indiana Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Mumbai Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_CW Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Priority_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/London_Business_School Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oakland_Raiders Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Royal_Academy_of_Arts Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wharton_School_of_the_University_of_Pennsylvania Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Henderson,_Nevada Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Zeeland Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Id_Software Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Leuven Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Neighbours Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Smallville Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nome_Census_Area,_Alaska Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Blue_Ridge_Mountains Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wichita_Falls,_Texas Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Georgetown_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Boeing Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Entertainment_One_Music Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sony_Music_Entertainment_Japan Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Great_Britain Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/35th_Annual_Grammy_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/American_University_of_Beirut Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Criterion_Collection Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_York_Shipbuilding_Corporation Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Utah_Jazz Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stony_Brook_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brno Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Northern_Exposure Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chhattisgarh Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/EBay Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cumberland_County,_New_Jersey Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/WCW_Monday_Nitro Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Data_East Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_Trier_High_School Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Claremont_McKenna_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Beverly_Hills_High_School Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Santo_Tomas Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jackson_County,_Alabama Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/USC_Trojans_football Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Soap_(TV_series) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/57th_Golden_Globe_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/CBBC Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Costa_Mesa,_California Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fairfield_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/McGill_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Hong_Kong Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sunsoft Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sikkim Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Weimar Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Architectural_Association_School_of_Architecture Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Queen's_University_Belfast Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Earache_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Calgary_Flames Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lake_County,_California Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sault_Ste._Marie,_Ontario Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/2010_Australian_Film_Institute_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mar_del_Sur Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/National_Party_of_Australia Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fueled_by_Ramen Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Sheffield Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Buffalo_Sabres Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sony_BMG Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Disney_Channel Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_New_South_Wales Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Luftwaffe Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chiba_Prefecture Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colgate_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Miami_Dolphins Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tokyo_Broadcasting_System Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tibet Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Motown Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Woodlawn_Cemetery_(Bronx,_New_York) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jeddah Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_North_Carolina_at_Chapel_Hill Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/North_Carolina_Central_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_York_Law_School Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brittany Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/South_Cambridgeshire Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Uxbridge,_Massachusetts Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Minnesota_Twins Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aspen,_Colorado Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Century_Media_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Suzhou Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Howard_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Backstairs_at_the_White_House Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Delaware Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Maccabi_Tel_Aviv_B.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hofstra_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/History_(U.S._TV_channel) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scottish_Labour_Party Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cranston,_Rhode_Island Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Some_Kind_of_Monster_(film) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_California,_Irvine Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_Britain,_Connecticut Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/15th_Critics'_Choice_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Allahabad Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Kent Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dallas_Stars Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Forest_Lawn_Memorial_Park_(Hollywood_Hills) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Life_Insurance_Corporation Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/World_Bank Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Technical_University_of_Munich Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oneworld Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Olympiacos_B.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Discovery_Channel Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Georgetown_Law Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Odessa,_Texas Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/XL_Recordings Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Toei_Company Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tommy_Boy_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/45th_Annual_Grammy_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Southern_Lord_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yale_School_of_Medicine Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/68th_Primetime_Emmy_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Université_Laval Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colorado_Rockies Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Beaumont,_Texas Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/San_Francisco_Art_Institute Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lake_Erie Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Canterbury Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Museo_del_Prado Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cornell_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/National_Assembly_(France) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tenjho_Tenge Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Culinary_Institute_of_America Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Duquesne_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Seattle_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Graham_Holdings_Company Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Cambridge Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dessau Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Georgia Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Minnesota Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ariola_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Valparaiso_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Greenwood,_Mississippi Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/1982_Cannes_Film_Festival Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/SeeBeyond_Technology_Corporation Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pepperdine_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Natsume_(company) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/LSU_Tigers_basketball Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/AOL Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/52nd_Annual_Grammy_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Texas_at_Austin Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Congressional_Progressive_Caucus Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/York_County,_Maine Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hollyoaks Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Southwest_Airlines Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Adelaide Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/ABC_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Saskatchewan Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Maui Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marshall_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/American_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Albany_Devils Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/UC_Berkeley_School_of_Law Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Waffen-SS Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Seattle_Seahawks Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Coca-Cola_Company Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/RCA_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Henrico_County,_Virginia Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pace_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Barnard_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Green_Party_of_the_United_States Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/ABC_(Australian_TV_channel) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Groningen Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/2005_NBA_draft Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charmed Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Katowice Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/YTV_Jr. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Goldman_Sachs Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mercury_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/General_Electric Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Moscow_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Curtis_Institute_of_Music Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/2011_Toronto_International_Film_Festival Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/2009_Toronto_International_Film_Festival Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Loughborough_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Republic_Pictures Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Los_Angeles_Unified_School_District Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/THQ Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Clinton_County,_Pennsylvania Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Douglas_County,_Oregon Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bowling_Green_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Relativity_Media Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lund_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_New_Brunswick Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/NBA_Finals Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/1912_Summer_Olympics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/64th_Primetime_Emmy_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Missouri Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Corsica Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/WWE Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Port_Elizabeth Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_the_Punjab Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jive_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Palmerston_North Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Art_Center_College_of_Design Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Missouri_River Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/This_TV Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Strasbourg Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Goldsmiths,_University_of_London Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stanford_Graduate_School_of_Business Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Berrien_County,_Michigan Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/American_International_Group Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Baltimore_Orioles Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ocean_Software Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yale_Divinity_School Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Veronica_Mars Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Okinawa_Prefecture Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_York Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pavia Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/2000_Major_League_Baseball_season Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yuma,_Arizona Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Manchester_Metropolitan_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mariposa_County,_California Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Texarkana,_Arkansas Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Wales Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Barnstable_County,_Massachusetts Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Otago Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/60th_Berlin_International_Film_Festival Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roosevelt_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ateneo_de_Manila_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gap_Inc. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Inyo_County,_California Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/EasyJet Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Westfield_Group Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sonoma_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wuthering_Heights_(2011_film) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lakeland,_Florida Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Utah_Utes_football Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Technical_University_of_Berlin Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Heriot-Watt_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/2017_Major_League_Baseball_All-Star_Game Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ardent_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Southern_Illinois_University_Carbondale Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Radcliffe_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Toronto_Raptors Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Washington_Capitals Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yamhill_County,_Oregon Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chapman_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/San_Juan_County,_Utah Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vassar_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Golden_Girls Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Panjab_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Socialist_Party_(France) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Newcastle_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mohave_County,_Arizona Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/EuropaCorp Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Upland,_California Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/St._Lawrence_County,_New_York Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brandeis_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Delhi Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Macy's,_Inc. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lehigh_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Newport_News_Shipbuilding Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/PBS Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Huntington_Beach,_California Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts_Amherst Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rockford_IceHogs Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dreamscape_Entertainment_Television Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colorado_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gaston_County,_North_Carolina Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harvard_Graduate_School_of_Design Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Survivor_(U.S._TV_series) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/South_Somerset Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_Jersey_Devils Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Qantas Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kamloops Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Los_Angeles_Kings Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rollins_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/2000_Cannes_Film_Festival Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Miyagi_Prefecture Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/42nd_Annual_Grammy_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/RMIT_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/32nd_Berlin_International_Film_Festival Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sire_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Tulsa Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Black_Mountain_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/BBC_Three Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Progressive_Conservative_Party_of_Canada Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mich Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Zaragoza Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chillicothe,_Ohio Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Silicon_Hills Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Grambling_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/56th_Golden_Globe_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Island_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/McMaster_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cleopatra_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kraft_Foods Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/National_Heads-Up_Poker_Championship Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Arizona Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Teachers_College,_Columbia_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Arkansas Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pro_Football_Hall_of_Fame Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Curitiba Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/St._Lawrence_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oklahoma_City_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dalhousie_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/2003_NFL_Draft Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Schuylkill_County,_Pennsylvania Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Providence_Bruins Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/News_Corporation Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bandidos_Motorcycle_Club Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arizona_Cardinals Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Upper_Canada_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/NC_State_Wolfpack_football Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Orion_Pictures Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brunswick_County,_North_Carolina Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/National_Football_League Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Naval_Postgraduate_School Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/County_Sligo Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Comic_Relief_Does_Fame_Academy Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pennsylvania_Academy_of_the_Fine_Arts Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Greco-Roman_wrestling Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_McClatchy_Company Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Prison_Break Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Social_Democratic_Party_of_Germany Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/National_Theatre_School_of_Canada Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colorado_Avalanche Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Connecticut Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Orkney Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ryerson_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scrubs_(TV_series) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oregon_Ducks_football Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stanford_Cardinal_football Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FC_Levadia_Tallinn Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Emmanuel_College,_Cambridge Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_Milan Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Barney_Miller Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/4AD Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Universal_Republic_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Iowa_Hawkeyes_football Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Samsung_Electronics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cooking_Vinyl Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/65th_Tony_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arunachal_Pradesh Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/St._Stephen's_College,_Delhi Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_College_Cork Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Xavier_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fairbanks,_Alaska Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nonesuch_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alliance_90/The_Greens Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Houston Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/DreamWorks Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chemnitz Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bronxville,_New_York Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lima,_Ohio Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Pennsylvania Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/College_of_William_&_Mary Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Walmart Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Girl_with_the_Dragon_Tattoo_(2009_film) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/African_Development_Bank Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Douglas_County,_Colorado Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sons_of_Anarchy Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bones_(TV_series) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hudson_Soft Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/SPV_GmbH Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eton_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Universal_Motown_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Los_Angeles_City_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alexandria,_Louisiana Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/2010_Sundance_Film_Festival Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anglican_Communion Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Academy_of_Television_Arts_&_Sciences Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harvard_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/MCA_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/1988_Winter_Olympics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chittagong Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/WWF_Mayhem_in_Manchester Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Royal_College_of_Art Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Trinity_University_(Texas) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/County_Armagh Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Seoul_National_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Socialist_Unity_Party_of_Germany Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/41st_Annual_Grammy_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cammell_Laird Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/TheCoolTV Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Florida_Keys Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/59th_Golden_Globe_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/No_Surrender_(gang) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mattel Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lucca Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anderson,_South_Carolina Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Minot,_North_Dakota Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rochester_Institute_of_Technology Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Avex_Trax Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marlborough_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Michigan_Law_School Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Keele_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Franklin_County,_New_York Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Basilica_of_St_Denis Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Louvre Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ontario_County,_New_York Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Philips_Lighting Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Alabama_at_Birmingham Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/TV_Tokyo Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/George_Washington_University_Law_School Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Clark_Atlanta_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Christ_Church,_Oxford Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/London_School_of_Economics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Maxis Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/66th_Tony_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Combat_18 Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Virginia_Military_Institute Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Western_Michigan_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/OCAD_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Tudors Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Loyola_University_Chicago Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/School_of_Visual_Arts Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chess_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Apache_County,_Arizona Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Florida_Gators_football Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/British_Army Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vertigo_(DC_Comics) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Linn_County,_Oregon Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fat_Possum_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_Zealand_National_Party Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lockheed_Corporation Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Saint_Louis_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/2007_NBA_draft Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kid_vs._Kat Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Bologna Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mysore Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mosul Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/BBC_HD Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rhode_Island_School_of_Design Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Queen's_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/St._Bonaventure_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Laval,_Quebec Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kleiner_Perkins_Caufield_&_Byers Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Northwestern_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mauritius_Island Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lufthansa Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cincinnati_Bengals Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carmel-by-the-Sea,_California Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Denver Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/IFC_Films Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Metro_Detroit Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/1968_Winter_Olympics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/National_League Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_South_Carolina Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Erlangen Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/MP_&_Silva Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Indian_Army Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sequoia_Capital Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gatineau Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/1900_Summer_Olympics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Amarillo,_Texas Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arizona_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins_School_of_Medicine Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Indiana_University_Bloomington Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Bristol Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Atlantic_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Teletoon Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pittsburgh_Penguins Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Seoul_Broadcasting_System Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eat_Bulaga! Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Himalayan_states Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Slalom_Consulting Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jackson_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Washington_County,_Minnesota Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Leeds Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kids'_WB Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lincoln_University_(Pennsylvania) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Grays_Harbor_County,_Washington Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Texas_at_Arlington Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Parsons_School_of_Design Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/11Eleven_Project Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Claro_Americas Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Labour_Party_(Ireland) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hancock_County,_Maine Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Epitaph_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/McDonald's Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anchor_Bay_Entertainment Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Zurich Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sparrow_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/SpongeBob_SquarePants Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ocean_County,_New_Jersey Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Australian_Greens Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Montreal_Canadiens Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hollywood_High_School Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Festival_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/West_Virginia_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Central_Florida Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bard_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cancer_Survivors_Park Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Elsevier Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wood_County,_Wisconsin Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/General_Dynamics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Vermont Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Intel Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michigan_Wolverines_football Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harrow_School Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pas-de-Calais Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hebrew_University_of_Jerusalem Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Case_Western_Reserve_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/MIT_Sloan_School_of_Management Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Malden,_Massachusetts Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fashion_Institute_of_Technology Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Red_Army Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Imperial_Russian_Army Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ninja_Tune Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Casablanca_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/District_9 Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/1976_Winter_Olympics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Seton_Hall_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/International_Tennis_Hall_of_Fame Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harvard_Law_School Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Yale_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Melbourne Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cardiff_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Hull Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/United_States_Conference_of_Catholic_Bishops Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Presidency_University,_Kolkata Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/2006_Winter_Olympics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Smith_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/2004_NBA_draft Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/California_State_Polytechnic_University,_Pomona Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Epic_Games Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Network_Ten Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Atlantic_Canada Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Metropolis_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Windsor_Castle Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Milwaukee_Brewers Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dakota_County,_Minnesota Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tampa_Bay_Area Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Queens_College,_City_University_of_New_York Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Montreal_Alouettes Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vaucluse Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Dhaka Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/1992_Winter_Olympics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Great_Falls,_Montana Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rosewood,_Pennsylvania Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/United_Malays_National_Organisation Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Channel_5_(UK) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tuscola_County,_Michigan Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roanoke,_Virginia Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lake_Forest,_Illinois Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Toronto_District_School_Board Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Swansea_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/American_Kennel_Club Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Virgin_Interactive Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Grand_Teton_National_Park Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Citrus_County,_Florida Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rensselaer_Polytechnic_Institute Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Tehran Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Groton_School Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/European_Central_Bank Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chesapeake,_Virginia Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/United_States_Army_Air_Forces Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carinthia Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Warwick Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brittany_(administrative_region) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hamborn Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/All_the_King's_Men_(1949_film) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Windsor Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Verizon_Communications Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/State_highways_serving_Virginia_state_institutions Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/1936_Summer_Olympics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Notre_Dame Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Magdalen_College,_Oxford Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Livonia,_Michigan Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Toho Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pan_American_World_Airways Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/This_Is_England Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Glasgow Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Daybreak_Game_Company Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/DePaul_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sparta Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cleveland_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/57th_Primetime_Emmy_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Willamette_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Liberty_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/1996_Summer_Olympics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Maine Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mississippi_River Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brooklyn_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rhino_Entertainment Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charles_County,_Maryland Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lafayette_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ford_Motor_Company Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Burlington,_Ontario Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Little_Vietnam Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_California,_San_Francisco Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Los_Angeles_Chargers Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/EA_Sports Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Philips_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Queen_Mary_University_of_London Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Manche Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Quebec_Liberal_Party Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/39th_Annual_Grammy_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Imperial_Japanese_Army Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nintendo_World_Championships Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Soviet_Air_Forces Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Rochester Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rome,_Georgia Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/TV5_(Philippines) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hove Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oberlin_Conservatory_of_Music Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Baden-Baden Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_York_Rangers Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/İzmir Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/MeTV Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Jefferson_County,_Colorado Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/58th_Primetime_Emmy_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Washington_&_Jefferson_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Rhode_Island Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Council_of_Europe Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Texas_Tech_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/College_of_the_Holy_Cross Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Monash_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Province_of_Potenza Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roman_Carthage Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Glasgow_School_of_Art Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dartmouth_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Westwood_Village_Memorial_Park_Cemetery Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Massachusetts_Institute_of_Technology Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_Hampshire's_2nd_congressional_district Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bandai_Namco_Entertainment Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Franklin_&_Marshall_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Liberal_Party_of_Australia Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Syracuse_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Washington_Huskies_football Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Andes Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/44th_Annual_Grammy_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Nevada,_Reno Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arlington_National_Cemetery Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eau_Claire,_Wisconsin Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Joplin,_Missouri Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alabama_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Syracuse_Orange_football Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chronicle_(film) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oriel_College,_Oxford Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Memorial_University_of_Newfoundland Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Bonn Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/UTV_(TV_channel) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Warner_Music_Group Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Northrop_Grumman Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Season_of_Mist Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harvard_Business_School Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_Zealand_Labour_Party Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ibaraki_Prefecture Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dubuque,_Iowa Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Uppsala_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Michigan_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Koei Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/British_Columbia_Liberal_Party Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Washington_County,_Utah Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/S.M._Entertainment Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dallas_(1978_TV_series) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Boston_University_School_of_Law Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cornell_Law_School Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Miss_Universe Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/ThinkFilm Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Chicago_Law_School Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Baltimore_City_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oaxaca Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Metropolitan_Museum_of_Art Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Binghamton_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Symantec Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Madison_County,_New_York Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/East_River Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shortbus Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Indian_River_County,_Florida Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Columbia_River Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Road_to_Ultra Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wheaton_College_(Illinois) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Moncton Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rough_Trade_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Western_Illinois_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Drexel_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Framingham,_Massachusetts Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Westminster_Abbey Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Humboldt_University_of_Berlin Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rice_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/A_Separation Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dothan,_Alabama Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_North_Texas Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/National_Taiwan_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/PepsiCo Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Procter_&_Gamble Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Xinjiang Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bethel_Census_Area,_Alaska Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lewis_County,_Washington Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Royal_Australian_Air_Force Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gaumont_Film_Company Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ripley's_Believe_It_or_Not! Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sciences_Po Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Reed_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/World_Trade_Organization Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Invercargill Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Tasmania Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Beloit_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Angels_&_Airwaves_Presents_Love_Live Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Tennessee Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_Mexico_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/United_States_Marine_Corps Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mercer_County,_Pennsylvania Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Toronto Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Bath Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Texas_Christian_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/United_Church_of_Christ Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_York_Islanders Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/System_of_Cooperation_Among_the_American_Air_Forces Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Saw_III Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_the_Philippines Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Waterloo,_Iowa Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_St_Andrews Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ballarat Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Milwaukee_Admirals Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cumberland_County,_Pennsylvania Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Forest_Lawn_Memorial_Park_(Glendale) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rocky_Mountains Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Santa_Barbara_(TV_series) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bob_Jones_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/La_Salle_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hollywood_Walk_of_Fame Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Beaver_County,_Pennsylvania Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gloucester,_Massachusetts Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Berklee_College_of_Music Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Essex Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Purdue_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Osgoode_Hall_Law_School Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/King_Records_(Japan) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Worcester_College,_Oxford Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_North_Carolina_at_Charlotte Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Edmonton_Eskimos Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Weber_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/American_Airlines Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Beasts_of_the_Southern_Wild Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/48th_Annual_Grammy_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Doha_Modern_Indian_School Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Virginia_Union_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ohio_River Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/United_States_Department_of_Defense Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Media_Asia_Entertainment_Group Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Merck_&_Co. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Oregon Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mindscape Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/37th_Golden_Globe_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_England_Conservatory_of_Music Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bounce_TV Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/U.S._Route_66 Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eastern_Michigan_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/TVT_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kansas_Jayhawks_football Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fox_News Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Georgia_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Canon_Inc. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kaunas Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/United_States_Air_Force_Academy Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Troy_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Detroit_Tigers Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Esteghlal_F.C. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Southern_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aisne Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brunswick,_Georgia Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Johnson_County,_Kansas Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/WCW_WorldWide Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kansas_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mississippi_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fayetteville,_North_Carolina Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Digital_Equipment_Corporation Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/West_Norwood_Cemetery Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Loyola_Law_School Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Search_for_Common_Ground Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Johnson_&_Johnson Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Schutzstaffel Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shirley_Basin,_Wyoming Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_at_Buffalo Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cape_May_County,_New_Jersey Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Project_Runway Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Greater_Sudbury Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hollywood,_Florida Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Clallam_County,_Washington Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/West_Berkshire Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Barbarian_Invasions Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Star_Cinema Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Miami_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/1952_Summer_Olympics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fond_du_Lac_County,_Wisconsin Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/FX_(TV_channel) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Timmins Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Artist_(film) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/12th_Screen_Actors_Guild_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Elektra_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sky_1 Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nurse_Jackie Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Crete Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_E._Sullivan_Award Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Texas_School_of_Law Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Major_League_Baseball_All-Star_Game Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Texas_A&M_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pyrenees Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Pittsburgh Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Princeton_Theological_Seminary Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Arcadia,_California Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Phir_Bhi_Na_Maane...Badtameez_Dil Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Aegean_Sea Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Holby_City Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Memphis Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Venice,_Los_Angeles Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/United_Airlines Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Confederation_of_African_Football Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ohio_State_Buckeyes_football Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Manitoba Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/James_Madison_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Animax Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tour_de_France Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Liverpool Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Geneva Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Missouri_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Baltimore_Ravens Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/2008_NBA_draft Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Schulich_School_of_Law Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stetson_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Liberal_National_Party_of_Queensland Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Democratic_Unionist_Party Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/American_Philosophical_Society Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Associated_Press Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Murphy_Brown Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Coronado,_California Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fisk_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Channel_4 Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_California,_Riverside Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Miss_Universe_2015 Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Portsmouth,_Ohio Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy_School_of_Government Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/UCLA_School_of_Law Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Utrecht_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Steuben_County,_New_York Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tulane_University_Law_School Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Qingdao Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Sussex Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Abilene_Christian_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_Plymouth Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pasco_County,_Florida Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_California,_Santa_Cruz Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/St._Louis_Cardinals Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nettwerk Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/County_Tyrone Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Saw_IV Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/STV_(TV_channel) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Norwich_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wuppertal Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sprint_Corporation Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Girls_(TV_series) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/MGM_Resorts_International Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Richmond,_London Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Northern_Iowa Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/13th_Screen_Actors_Guild_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_New_Hampshire Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Butler_County,_Pennsylvania Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_the_Philippines_Diliman Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cyrano_de_Bergerac_(1990_film) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Texas_at_El_Paso Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Union_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Norwich,_Connecticut Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marquette_County,_Michigan Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pye_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Television_Hall_of_Fame Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lowell_High_School_(San_Francisco) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Washington_metropolitan_area Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mesa,_Arizona Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/County_Monaghan Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hampshire_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Senna_(film) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Syracuse_Crunch Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Harford_County,_Maryland Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/47th_Annual_Grammy_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vigor_Shipyards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hamilton_Bulldogs_(AHL) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Middlesex_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tufts_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fayette_County,_Pennsylvania Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rotorua Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Aberdeen Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/New_York_University_Stern_School_of_Business Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bradley_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Martin_Luther_University_of_Halle-Wittenberg Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Kansas_City_Royals Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Utah Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Mississippi Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/MyNetworkTV Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Turin Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/California_State_University,_Sacramento Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marquette_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/1984_Winter_Olympics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ryanair Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/2006_NFL_Draft Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/62nd_Golden_Globe_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tampa_Bay_Lightning Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ferret_Music Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Rutgers_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pine_Bluff,_Arkansas Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Phillips_Academy Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/1952_Winter_Olympics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/1932_Summer_Olympics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/River_Thames Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Burlington,_Iowa Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tennessee_Titans Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Strategic_Simulations Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/St._Olaf_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Transylvania_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Province_of_Cuneo Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Belmont_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charterhouse_School Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/43rd_Annual_Grammy_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/BBC_Films Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Toronto_International_Film_Festival Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/CBS_Records_(2006) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stevens_Institute_of_Technology Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Westminster_School Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alabama_Crimson_Tide_football Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/1984_Summer_Olympics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Society_of_Jesus Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Walnut_Creek,_California Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Penang Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cisco_Systems Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Scottish_Church_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Newfoundland_(island) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chisago_County,_Minnesota Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Last_of_the_Summer_Wine Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Charles_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cleveland_Institute_of_Music Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/U.S._Gold Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Loyola_University_New_Orleans Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Southern_California Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oregon_State_Beavers_football Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carlsbad,_California Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/55th_Primetime_Emmy_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Louisiana_Tech_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Parlophone Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Boise_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Stanford_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fordham_University_School_of_Law Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Eastern_North_Carolina Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tooele_County,_Utah Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bridgend Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Atari_Games Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Florida_State_Seminoles_football Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/County_Roscommon Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Universal_Music_Group_Nashville Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Koei_Tecmo Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/1964_Summer_Olympics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/1968_Summer_Olympics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Pittsburgh_Panthers_football Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Enid,_Oklahoma Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Varna Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Central_Michigan_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Temple_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Saint_Petersburg_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Taras_Shevchenko_National_University_of_Kyiv Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shiraz Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/MicroProse Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Seattle_Storm Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Tennessee_Volunteers_football Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Frontiers_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/nl/UNAMIS Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nike,_Inc. Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/East_Tennessee_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/East_Prussia Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Damages_(TV_series) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Reading Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Cincinnati Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Villanova_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ithaca_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cleveland_Indians Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Motorola Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Royal_Military_Academy_Sandhurst Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/2004_Summer_Olympics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Whanganui Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Loyola_Marymount_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/2000_Summer_Olympics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hartford_Wolf_Pack Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Why_We_Fight_(2005_film) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Georgia_Institute_of_Technology Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_San_Diego Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Isle_of_Wight Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Alice_(TV_series) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gifu_Prefecture Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/ETH_Zurich Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Phillips_Exeter_Academy Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Anderson,_Indiana Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Colorado_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Council_Bluffs,_Iowa Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Roman_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hamilton_College_(New_York) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/8th_Screen_Actors_Guild_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Oxford_County,_Maine Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/de/Mannschaftskader_der_deutschen_Fußball-Bundesliga_2013/14 Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Brunswick_Community_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/64th_Golden_Globe_Awards Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Columbia_College,_Columbia_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Manhattan_College Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/1908_Summer_Olympics Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/High_Point,_North_Carolina Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Mute_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Medill_School_of_Journalism Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Poitou-Charentes Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/St_John's_College,_Cambridge Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/King's_College,_Cambridge Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Karachi Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Washington_Redskins Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/NATO Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gallatin_Gateway,_Montana Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Chicago_Cubs Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nashville_Predators Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Gresham's_School Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Interplay_Entertainment Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Simon_Property_Group Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sioux_City,_Iowa Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Community_(TV_series) Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Nokia Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marshall,_Texas Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Secret_in_Their_Eyes Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_California,_Davis Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_East_Anglia Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Creation_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Golden_Gate_Bridge Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Iowa_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/WBXA-CD Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Cape_Town Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Louisville_Cardinals_football Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Progressive_Conservative_Party_of_Ontario Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Georgia_Bulldogs_football Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marche Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Everybody_Loves_Raymond Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Florida_A&M_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Los_Gatos,_California Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Peking_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wayne_State_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/De_La_Salle_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Copenhagen Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hamilton,_New_Zealand Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Ryan's_Hope Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Washington_County,_Maine Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_North_Carolina_School_of_the_Arts Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Institute_for_Advanced_Study Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fall_River,_Massachusetts Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vickers-Armstrongs Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Impact_Wrestling Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/IHeartMedia Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Amsterdam Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cheshire_County,_New_Hampshire Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/2008_Sundance_Film_Festival Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Wake_Forest_University Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Dalian Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Louisiana_at_Monroe Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Carthage Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_Pisa Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Bandai_Namco_Holdings Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sony Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Fox_Broadcasting_Company Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hollywood_Pictures Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Square_Enix Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Universal_Music_Group Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/NBCUniversal Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Hearst_Communications Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vodafone Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Lionsgate Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/20th_Century_Fox Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Walt_Disney_Company Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Amazon.com Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/General_Motors Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Reliance_Entertainment Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sony_Pictures Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Universal_Pictures Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Electronic_Arts Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sega Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Comcast Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/United_Artists_Records Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vivendi_Games Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Citadel_Broadcasting Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/AT&T Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Entertainment_One Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Vivendi Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Girl_Scouts_of_the_USA Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/JPMorgan_Chase Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Sinclair_Broadcast_Group Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Take-Two_Interactive Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/National_Autonomous_University_of_Mexico Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Activision_Blizzard Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Citigroup Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Shueisha Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Cumulus_Media Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Berkshire_Hathaway Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/CBS_Corporation Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Philips Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Canadian_Broadcasting_Corporation Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Marvel_Entertainment Agency
http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/University_of_London Agency
